all-comments
The Alamo on September 21, 2015
Kids have never received my item.
Any idea when it might ship?
Thanks!J Meline on July 11, 2015
I only received the regular iCloak stick and never received my Pro version, even though I ordered both. How long should I wait for it?Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on May 21, 2015
@renz Awesome, Thank you for your feed back.
At the moment we don't support flash due to it being a security risk. A malicious Flash app could be written to try and get your real IP address, among other security risks.
That being said, we are working on a method for sandboxing the entire browser so that even if a malicious Flash app tries to get your real IP they won't be able to see it or escape the sandbox. No ETA when this will be on an update as we are still experimenting with the method.renz on May 21, 2015
Mine works on Mac Mini 2012, Acer all-in-one desktop, hp dv6 and a netbook. just want to let you guys know.
Btw, How can I run adobe flash on browser? and I also want to test the speed of the internet.
ThanksCreator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on May 19, 2015
@Jake Sokol, Dev here I just sent you an email. Can you send me your computer brands and models? I'll help you with the drives.Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on May 19, 2015
Hi @Christopher J Beoddy, Dev here. I've just sent you an email. I'll get your sorted outJake Sokol on May 19, 2015
HI,I just tried to boot the iCloak on my MacBook Pro and my desktop PC; neither would boot.
Any suggestions?Christopher J Beoddy on May 19, 2015
iCloak loads with out a problem on my computer. However, neither of iCloak Pros will load. They do run on my desk top. How do we resolve this? My requests for assistance through the .org web site have gone unanswered.
System is a Dell XPS-12
x64 based system
Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3537U CPU @ 2.00GHz
SMBIOS 2.7
8.00 GB RAM
and if it matters I normally run Windows 8.1 on this machine.
Again how can we fix this?Helder Frazao on May 12, 2015
I would like to report that after my last post that I was contacted by Felipe Orellana, He has been very helpful, I can get my iCloak Stick working fine with a couple different Windows machines, only the MAC is having issues, and I am currently working with him on resolving the issue, with the MAC he has been very helpful restored my faith :)
Thanks FelipeBooBoo on May 12, 2015
Hey guys
When is the update coming?Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on May 11, 2015
@Luke Killinger
Hey Luke, Dev here I just sent you an email regarding your problem. Let me know your computer brand and model and we can get you sorted out.Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on May 11, 2015
@Helder Frazao
My name is Felipe Orellana I am the Lead Dev for ICLOAK.
I just noticed your frustrated comment on kickstarter. First let me apologize we didn't follow through with your issue, the person you exchanged emails before wasn't aware of how to properly handle Mac related issues and that is my fault. We are working on improving customer support and I hope you accept our sincere apologies for dropping the ball.
The issue you are seeing is not related to your router at all. I had seen this issue on an older Mac while on development and thought we had solved it. The network driver on ICLOAK loads but doesn't list any nearby networks making ICLOAK useless in a wireless environment. Ethernet should still work however.
Can I get you to give me your Mac's version or year? If you have Yosemite installed you can find your Macbook version doing the following:
- Click the apple logo on the top left of your screen and select "About this Mac"
- On the popup window, click the "System Report" button. Another popup window appears
- On the new window under "Hardware Overview", You can find the Macbook version under "Model Identifier". For example mine is iMac11,3
Under the same "About This Mac" window you can see the Macbook Model and year as well.
I am uploading the latest updated version to our servers right now. Once the files are up I will send you a link to download a standlone updater which will flash your ICLOAK stik to the newest version which contains a lot of driver issues fixes. I am not sure which version of ICLOAK you have but I will send you an updater that will convert yours to a pro version regardless.
please let me know the info above and I will personally find out how we can get your issue fixed.Helder Frazao on May 11, 2015
I have tried mine with 3 different PC's and only one works well, with a Mac-book Pro loads fine but the WiFi does not connect, can't find any wireless networks, with a Sony Vaio and Windows 8 loads fine finds WiFi but does not accept passwords for the wireless network, on an old Toshiba with Windows 7 loads fine connects fine, runs as expected, all this through the same router an Apple Time Capsule. so its not the router, have not tried hard-wired yet, so any guesses ? contacting support is useless, replied to my first email suggesting signal strength or hidden network which is neither as i tried this next to the router, and my SSID is not hidden, got one reply for support never heard from them again. for me this is a dud project, too bad could of used.Peter Piscitello on May 6, 2015
For everyone having problems with their icloak not working, make sure your pc is not on its fast boot setting. I have a Toshiba Qosmio X870 and noticed that my F12 command wasn't doing anything. I went into the startup settings and turned off fast boot and it's been working fine since.Luke Killinger on April 26, 2015
Cannot get my icloak stik to upgrade. Anyone else seeing this issue or anyway to work around it.Toh Teck Kiong on April 22, 2015
I am using a lenovo yoga windows 8 SSD. I cannot seem to get icloak to work. It seems my computer boot up too fast. Anyway to get it to work? I have emailed icloak support but yet to get any replyEdwin on April 9, 2015
@DigiThinkIT - could you please respond to my earlier post (March 15th) and PM?Ian Fothergill on April 7, 2015
Got mine a week ago - boots up fine and easy to navigate but doesn't seem to like my wifi - it sees it but it doesn't seem to connect to itGerhardO on April 6, 2015
I have received my Stick 3 weeks ago - unfortunately it doesn't work with my old MacBook pro. It will show the Start Screen but freezes afterwards. I opened a ticket on the Icloak homepage on March 12 - no reply since.
This is disappointing.Jeffrey King on March 25, 2015
Mine is working great. Followed the instructions and it was up and running in no time. Easy enough to navigate and does what I need it to do. Thanks!Lyndon Kember on March 23, 2015
icloak stik arrived yesterday plugged into computer this morning loaded perfectly as you said looks and works Great.This backer is very happy many thanks. •À_teresa galin on March 21, 2015
Got mine a week ago. it doesn't work on Macbook Pro. E-mailed support for "Faster service" three times, no response. I couldn't be more disappointed with the company and the product. First there were the long delays with very few updates, and now the product doesn't work and no response from tech support. I probably just infected my machine with something nasty.Helder Frazao on March 21, 2015
Got mine a few days ago (Canada) boots fine in a Macbook Pro but does not detect any WiFi networks so its useless for wireless, have not tried hardwired or on a Windows machine, contacted tech support waiting for an answer.Wade Lees on March 20, 2015
Keyboard doesn't work with Surface Pro 3 upon loading of iCloak software.
Need fix ASAP.Tom Mance on March 19, 2015
Just wondering...has anyone from Australia received their i-cloak yet ?Garrett Hardy on March 18, 2015
I see people mentioning tracking code. Where did they get this? I have not heard anything about the shipping and etc. I would like to make sure that mine is on my way. That sucks, I am sad to hear about the international receiver did not get the package marked as gift. Now they have to pay a COA.Kevin van Dijk on March 18, 2015
Exactly like Michiel's comment before me. I just received mine with the 'nice' surprise of an additional ‰âÂ19.46. I don't understand why this would be sent as merchandise, the last time I checked kickstarter wasn't a shop and we were investing in new products, with some nice rewards attached to it if the campaign goes well (which should be marked as gift on export, like any other kickstarter campaign I've ever funded in the past). These costs come on top of the extra $10 paid for shipping to the EU and are about as much as was paid for the stick in the first place. Great.Michiel on March 18, 2015
Exactly this:
Received mine yesterday (EU) but it did come with an unpleasant surprise: additional costs of ‰âÂ19,46 (~$20) of which ‰âÂ13,00 due to handling costs and ‰âÂ6,46 VAT. $20 additional cost a $25 reward + $10 shipment fee, thus paid ~$55 !
Why did you send the iCloak marked as 'merchandise' and not as 'gift' as most creators do? Why send it as a package - it fits in an envelope! - with tracking code (I didn't even have to sign for it!)
I'm very sorry to say but I haven't even tried the iCloak as I was pretty angry.Peter Piscitello on March 16, 2015
My iCloak Pro doesn't seem to be saving any word documents. Also bookmarks are not saved but I'm guessing that's intentional? Any advice for a fix?LimboLance, Drunken Jester of Valoria on March 16, 2015
USPS Tracking says they have spent 10 days just getting it to Michigan - but still not delivered! Damn, they need a KS!!!Thomas on March 16, 2015
Received mine. Seems tobe working fine :)Vosper Fung on March 15, 2015
got mine today, works well on my Sony laptop running Windows 7Chen Tianwen on March 15, 2015
still not got my package yet, can u guys check it?Edwin on March 15, 2015
Received mine yesterday (EU) but it did come with an unpleasant surprise: additional costs of ‰âÂ19,46 (~$20) of which ‰âÂ13,00 due to handling costs and ‰âÂ6,46 VAT. $20 additional cost a $25 reward + $10 shipment fee, thus paid ~$55 !
Why did you send the iCloak marked as 'merchandise' and not as 'gift' as most creators do? Why send it as a package - it fits in an envelope! - with tracking code (I didn't even have to sign for it!)
I'm very sorry to say but I haven't even tried the iCloak as I was pretty angry.Fredrik Olsen on March 13, 2015
Hi!
I did get my iCloak today! but i did not get the t-shirt or all stickers
My Pledge:
FREEDOM FIGHTER
You get an iCloak‰ã¢ Stik before the general public can!
PLUS the cool t-shirt, PLUS 5 Stickers, PLUS the encrypted message in our Acknowledgements!Patrick Mccormack on March 13, 2015
Got mine now I want a pro as well.Wojciech Wisniewski on March 11, 2015
I too am waiting for my product. How can I upgrade when I don't even have it. I hope I don't have to wait 2 yrs to get my stick.Ian Fothergill on March 11, 2015
Still waiting on mine but I assume it'll arrive shortly...Jayson Yong on March 11, 2015
I did not get mine ! I am quite disappointed I waited since oct 2014 (actual promised date of delivery). Almost everyone got theirs and I am still waiting. And no password tool and no emails? Still have to wait for updates? This is an unfinished product!
I bet all these complains will be gone once I got mine coz I am really looking forward to it!! I am just jealous other people got it before I do.Daisy Ramirez on March 10, 2015
Got mine today. So far it works well.Linda Mak on March 10, 2015
Hello, When was the mailing date? Can't wait :DVince on March 10, 2015
Got mine today!Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc. on March 10, 2015
Hey everyone... PLEASE send your tech support questions via email to:
support@icloak.org
so we can answer you FASTER.
This comments section is monitored but not by all of our developers and you will get a response faster by emailing us instead of posting a comment or question here.
Also... to answer a lot of questions at once, I have posted a new update. Please check it out here:
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/icloak/icloak-tm-stik-easy-powerful-online-privacy-for-yo/posts/1098143David McBarron on March 10, 2015
Received mine today and it's stuck on please wait while ICLOAK is booting. Been that way for 15 minutes now.Harry Burgess on March 10, 2015
Received mine today haven't tested yetS. Levy on March 10, 2015
I received my yesterday! Wasn't expecting it, since I didn't receive an email or anything saying it was coming. Mine is in the Techie Early Adopter Special group, for those of you waiting, and seems to be a Pro version, with all the production tools. I haven't had much time yet to test it, other than the browser, but it booted up with no problems. Mouse sensitivity/responsiveness is the only off thing I have noticed so far - It's a bit difficult to click on things.Bradley Heath on March 10, 2015
Just received mine today! First Edition "PRO", not the pre-production. It's not gold but I will take the USB 3.0 over color any day.Brooks Woodbury on March 9, 2015
Got mine! I love it!LimboLance, Drunken Jester of Valoria on March 9, 2015
Still no joy here in frozen Michigan...Gerard Euziere, Mr Gadgets ! on March 9, 2015
@ Creator DigiThinkIT, Inc.
Did I understand well, You're sending emails to the ones you're sending the stick ?
Which model are you sending , the final one or the Pre-production Version ?
When final version will be sent ?
Thanks
Creator Ananda Svarupa Das on March 16
Dear Backers: Please note that this campaign ended over a year ago, and we are no longer able to monitor the comments section for each completed project on a regular basis. If you need assistance with your rewards package, please contact us via email (info@bungajungle.com) so that we can retrieve your info in our archives. Please be sure that you have answered your Backerkit survey. Without your survey response, we are not able to see your mailing address. If you did not receive your survey invite email, please check your spam folder or contact us at info@bungajungle.com. Thank You.Richard Max on March 12
I have not received my Nope - what is the tracking number please?Laurens on February 20
I enjoyed Nope until last week, when my screen was broken because of a pressure point where Nope was located. Not gonna use my remaining Nope's anymore after the screen is replaced.Sergey Lukin on January 17
Got mine and applied to Macbook Pro around 2 months ago. So far works just as expected, although the installation wasn't easy I haven't experienced any side effects that other customers reported here and it looks very nice once properly installed. Thank you!Jaled on January 17
I have not received mine. Is there any tracking number ?Jan Sapper on November 29
My mini magnet just fell INTO my MacBook Pro Retina... I hope it's no problem!Richard Max on November 25
I haven't received mine - nor any responses to my messages.
What is my tracking number please?Laurent on October 19
Oh but thse sure started the ''staingate''on my computer... Its getting worse by the monthLaurent on October 19
Tried these, they are ok but the mobile magnet does come of when I close my computer. I have to replace the magnet every timeHernan Amador Penson on September 30, 2015
I received mine some months ago, for my iMac, my MacBook Pro and iPad.
And let me tell you: they do not work well. The glue on the back of the magnets peels off very easily from the computer, and the moving part is falling every time at the slightest movement. Oh! And BTW, you sent me differents parts that doesn't fit toghether...Dissapointed. Thank God they were cheap.Sergey Lukin on September 10, 2015
Got a response from creator via KS. Requested replacement order. Hope to get it this time.Sergey Lukin on September 9, 2015
Haven't received mine. Sent an email to info@bungajungle.com but didn't get any response.Kenton Bruno on August 11, 2015
Anyone tried these on the new 12" MacBook?Danang wirawan on August 9, 2015
Hi, I want to confirm that I also have not received the package until now. can you send the tracking number of the package ?
regards
dwCreator Ananda Svarupa Das on August 5, 2015
Dear Backers: Please note that this campaign ended over 6 months ago, and we are no longer monitoring the comments section on a regular basis. If you need assistance with your rewards package, please contact us via email (info@bungajungle.com) so that we can look into that for you. Please be sure that you have answered your Backerkit survey. Without your survey response, we are not able to see your address. If you have not received your survey invite email, please check your spam folder or contact us via Kickstarter messaging so that we can send you a direct link to your survey. Thank You.Lisa on July 25, 2015
Good review - I have been using these for a couple of months and they were perfectly! On my back just swings around, so simple and prettier than tape. On my thinkpad I had to use 2 bases on opposite sides and the magnet sits in the middle, the camera is set into the computer and this seemed to be the easiest way to work. I definitely think it could be made without magnets and just a swinging circle but might end up needing to be slightly thicker, not sure. But for now is does the job and I am happy it works well for my computers.Bartholomew Lawless on July 21, 2015
Hello, just to let you know I did receive a package from you, but it didn't have the product in it.Arwhalden Haas on July 20, 2015
I live in France and i didn't received your product, what's the hell with you?Please give me a response and deliver me want i've bought.
Thanks.Ìlvaro T. on July 20, 2015
Hello,
I haven't received my Nope yet, I wonder if there is any problem. I live in Spain and the estimated delivery was in Dec 2014.Elles on July 15, 2015
Hi just got your notice about new products and certainly am interested. I love the nopes I have, they stay on my laptop and are terrific. And the neutron S I got, is terrific in my car..and glad I bought a few extras. Thanks guys, hope u give advance warnings to your backers if u do another Kickstarter...I'm in.. .great products so far...Mike Russo on July 14, 2015
Great device until it the whole thing falls off, into the air vent, and fries your MacBook Air.Jonathan on July 12, 2015
Disappointed with this device. The tape doesn't stick very well and the slide magnet flys off easily. Have lost it a few times. It does create a bad pressure point on the laptop and on iPad and using it for a phone would definitely be a no go if you tried. I was very disappointed and will not be using this product or recommending it. Better tape and a better way to secure the magnet would be a good idea. It can be used on a desktop but anything that is portable, it doesn't make sense.Kyler Zee on July 7, 2015
Hi there. Still haven't received mine yet. Please help? Thanks.Mictlan on June 16, 2015
Just recieved my Nopes here in Mexico. Seems the first package was lost or misplaced by the mail service. Contacted the customer service and very promptly send me a replacement. Took 6 weeks of international snail mail to reach me, but here they are now.
i would li the black color Nope. They are not really Black, they are more like Gunmetal Gray. Minor comment. They look great and should work wonders on my screens.Walter Lacayo on June 9, 2015
I'm here to leave good feedback about the people at Bungajungle.
Like a month ago, I remembered that I backed this Nope campaign, and realised that I didn't get mine back in December. I contacted them and after a few days they replied, concluded the order got lost in the mail and they sent a replacement.
Good customer service •À_
One thing I must suggest, regarding the product itself.
As an example‰Û_ have you seen how the metal tips of a USB cable (or any other) get a little opaque and lightly rusted when exposed to dust? Well, that happens to the Nopes. The visible part of the ones I'm using have that problem, the backside doesn't, because it goes against the screen and is not exposed. Bungajungle should find a way to avoid that.
That aside, its a great product.Alvaro pereira M. on June 3, 2015
I dont receive my Ì_tem yet ????Akash Mankar on May 19, 2015
Complete waste of money.
The quality of the adhesive is so bad, it won't even stick properly.
how much does it take to get a magnet and an adhesive?
Anyway reading most of the reviews I only thank that it didn't stick properly and I threw it away. Better than breaking my screen for sure.Creator Ananda Svarupa Das on May 12, 2015
Dear Backers: If you have not received your Nopes, please be sure that you have answered your Backerkit survey. Please keep in mind that without your survey response we are not able to see your address. If you have not received your survey invite email, please check your spam folder or contact us via Kickstarter messaging so that we can send you a direct link to your survey. Thank You.Creator Ananda Svarupa Das on May 12, 2015
@ AlexO: We are sorry to hear about your experiences. The Nope was designed to be used in a logical and mindful way. The tiny magnets used in Nope are not enough to create a pressure point as you describe. Only if you are using extremely excessive force when closing the laptop would any damage occur. The testing of our product was carried out over an initial 6 month period, and continues to this day. After gathering information from the use of Nope with several devices, and after receiving information from thousands of current users of the product, we have determined that the product does not cause damage when used in a logical and mindful way.AlexO on May 11, 2015
Those of you complaining about not receiving your Nope's be grateful. I got mine and using it as directed resulted in a $899 break in the screen (it creates a pressure point that cracks the screen when it is closed). You are far better off having lost your $15 than having lost 80% to 90% of the value of your laptop. Worst project I've purchased on Kickstarter.Matthieu on May 7, 2015
Hi no nope? Nope
Where are my nopes?
Faild project? No nope's ? Then my money back. Thank youPierre on May 3, 2015
This product is a total fail.
It is way to thick to fit a MacBook Air, because the laptop now doesn't perfectly closes.
Worse, when closed it is pressing half on the aluminium and half on the touchpad. It is only a matter of time (short I assume) before it causes damages.
A took it off and I intend to throw the 5 other ones away.
I would like to get a full refund for this product which does not seem to have been correctly and fully tested before.
Although, the magnetism is quite strong, and I do not think it will not be harmless to the screen nor the battery when closed...Jaime Freire on April 28, 2015
Hello;
I bought a couple of notes some months ago for my MBP Retina and also my previous Macbook.
Couple of days ago I closed the computer and grabbed it holding it exactly from the place where nope is installed; it made a tiny hole on the screen and it started flickering.
The problem only went worse; I started using an external display to work.
I took my laptop to the shop today and they request 900 ‰âÂ for the reparation. Lucky enough I have an insurance and hopefully I'll only need to spend 100 franchise, which is already bad.
I have to tell you I am disappointed with the product and the fact that none of your testing detected this possibility or thought about another design.
I'm really pissed of now having to pay; I'd like to have my money back as well as a compensation for the trouble and time spent with this.
Kind regards.
Jaime FreireSteffi Kaye Rufin on April 26, 2015
I tried to put it back again hoping it will work but it totally didn't. What a waste of money :(Max Ziebell on April 26, 2015
This is why the Nope is a FAIL on any Laptop: I was on the couch. My Laptop on the lap. Then I touched the magnet by a accident while opening the lid. It disconnected from the mothership ‰Û_ slid down my screen and feel between the screen and rear end of the keyboard. Right in the macbook pro fold. The fold with all those nice air vents. "Pling!" it was gone and found some nice metal piece inside my macbook pro. I shut down quickly and had to buy a expensive Pentalobe screwdriver to take the backlid off. Took 3 days until it arrived. The I opened the macbook and there it was nicely "attached" to a computer component on the mainboard. Since that incident I am back with an good old sticker.James Seng on April 22, 2015
Finally got my Nope, after 3rd time, in China. The first 2 times somehow it never arrives but third time with USPS tracking I got it. Thanks to @creator Ananda Svarupa Das who has been patient with the lost package.
Till now, I have no idea what happened to the first 2 shipment. Did someone in the custom run thru the scanner and thinking we shipping contraband?Mictlan on April 21, 2015
Given that my shipping was to Mexico and it usually takes a while to reach me, I have been very patient on getting the Nopes. Just letting you know that as of today I haven't gotten any package or envelop.Thijs van der Linden on April 17, 2015
Hi Nope Staff,
I still haven't received my nope!
It has been a while so I figured I'd let you know.
Hope to hear from you soon!Manuela Harrop Fonseca Mendonca on April 15, 2015
The Nope staff was very quick, gentle and effective. And solved the problem I had with the product delivery, caused by the post office and yet the staff gave me all the attention so i could get my nope as soon as possible.
Thank you very much, I appreciate all the workMike Russo on April 6, 2015
Great idea but the adhesive does not stick to ANYTHING making the whole thing kind of uselessHeidi de Vries on April 5, 2015
So how exactly did you contact them?Brian on April 2, 2015
The folks at Bungajungle have been a great. After contacting Bungajungle about my shipment of Nope, Cathy immediately worked on taking care of my issues. I didnt have to wait long for a responses and my shipment problem was resolved.Heidi de Vries on March 31, 2015
So I checked my Backerskit and it even says the rewards are shipped... I don't know as of when, but I haven't received anything so far.Michael Leaman on March 29, 2015
I have not received my Nope as of yetBernhard Frauendienst on March 28, 2015
Wow, what a great support team. It looks like my package got lost, but they resolved the situation to my full satisfaction! Very helpful and generous, thanks a lot!khanh nguyen on March 27, 2015
can you check on my nope thank?Uziel Avalos on March 26, 2015
When am i going to receive my nope?Xishan on March 25, 2015
Finally I have received my replacement which is correct now :)
Guess it just takes a long time for them to process the correct order ... Mine took 3 months.
ThanksShuo Yang on March 23, 2015
Got it on time.
Only one problem, the sticker seems not very sticky since the ipad's surface is very polished.
Any suggestions?Yun Shi on March 20, 2015
I finished the Backerkit survey last December but haven't receive my nopes until I moved in late January, and I'd like to update my address but it's locked on Backerkit and the reward was said to be shipped - never received it though.
Creator Webcloak, LLC on April 4
If you require assistance:
Webcloak Support - support@webcloak.comCreator Webcloak, LLC on April 4
John,
Would you mind providing more information to support? They would like to follow up on the long load time.
Webcloak Support - support@webcloakCreator Webcloak, LLC on April 4
John,
Our first priority is security and anonymity. Webcloak will protect you while banking or shopping online. We are focusing our efforts on speeding up the load time of Webcloak and increasing the performance of our secure network while at the same time maintaining the highest level of security and anonymity. We will be posting updates on our user forum.
Best,
The Webcloak TeamCreator Webcloak, LLC on April 4
No servers in my region:
We want everyone in the world to be able to benefit from Webcloak. Unfortunately there are certain regions like Singapore where there are only a few pledges and no nearby servers. We are eager to get Webcloak into these areas when there is a larger audience.Tan Whee Min on April 3
Receive an email on not shipping as no servers in my region. Can explain further?John on April 3
I have been testing out the webcloak for windows, and I have to say it would have been alright if not for the laboriously slow loading times. I'm not using out of date hardware, but even opening firefox takes minutes let alone opening gmail. Will there be improvements in the future?Jilson on April 1
why all of sudden an email stating not shipping to me as your servers are not located in my region?Alan Chan on March 29
Any update on international shipment?Creator Webcloak, LLC on March 25
There have been issues with the initial devices. If you are having troubles, please contact support@webcloak.com for assistance. Thank you.Jesse McKenzie on March 25
I've finally gotten around to trying this out, I'm a Mac person and don't often get on a pc. But I went to start it up and launched the program and it says there isn't a webclock plugged in. It told me to take it out and reinsert it, witch I did and poof same thing. I guess what I got was a fancy keychain.Creator Webcloak, LLC on March 17
There was an issue with the first units that were shipped in Windows 10. This has been resolved and we are working on distributing the fix. This problem does not affect the Webcloak devices that are being shipped now. Please contact support and they will assist you.Richard Chen on March 17
This doesn't work with Windows 10. It locks up and produces a white box and freezesShez on February 24
what is the score with UK shipping ?Creator Webcloak, LLC on February 23
The retail version which includes Mac support will be provided to all Webcloak supporters free of charge.David Mayer on February 22
Are you going to send the Mac version out at no additional cost?Tan Whee Min on February 18
Any update?Shez on January 29
when exactly are you shipping ? getting into feb alreadyJim on January 18
@Robert, Check "View Pledge" button under the campaign and it will have "Survey" link listed, It should show the current address you sent to then, if it needs to be changed send them a note.Creator Webcloak, LLC on January 18
Nik,
We will be shipping the Window version first, followed by the Mac version around the second quarter.
Best,
The Webcloak TeamCreator Webcloak, LLC on January 18
Robert,
Here's a link to the instructions for checking or changing your reward shipping address:
https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#faq_63017
Best,
The Webcloak TeamNik on January 17
Which version is being shipped, Mac or Windows? Are both ready?Robert Casanova on January 15
I got an email to make sure my address was correct but do not see where to verify that. Can you help?m on December 30
Please updates. If no progress, simply need to tell the truth.Jack Martin on December 27
It's been almost a month since the last update ... What is the projected shipping date? Sorry guys, but if it's not fairly soon ... refund. It's been long enough.Anthony on December 23
I never got my two Webcloak I paid for :(
Please advise when they will be shipped out since no one is bothering updating your product status anymore
Thank you,
AnthonyRichard Chen on October 14, 2015
Any updates?dHoot on September 26, 2015
1) Per the FAQ on the Campaign page...
"We plan on having the finished product thoroughly tested by an independent security specialist." Now since you have a finished product, what are the results of this testing? Who did it? What are the issues they discovered? Where is a formal report for us to examine? This would be great to instill user confidence in Webcloak's security features.
2) Regaurding the story at http://www.zdnet.com/article/the-sad-strange-and-profitable-fake-privacy-gadget-epidemic/
The author is Ms. Violet Blue (tinynibbles.com, @violetblue) is a freelance investigative reporter on hacking and cybercrime at Zero Day/ZDNet, CNET and CBS News, as well as a noted sex columnist. What a combination of specialties.... Anyway, this is her profile where she can be contacted. http://www.zdnet.com/meet-the-team/us/violet-blue/
It would be GREAT publicity for you to send her a Webcloak. ZDNET has a very visible presence on the Web, as I'm sure you are well aware and a positive review from them would be great for your company.
3) Can you post a location to user guides/instructions for us to review and become familiar with Webcloak and how to use it? Will there be an on-line group for discussions, problem reports, etc.?
Thanks!dHoot on September 17, 2015
Did anybody get anything to Beta test? Is anybody even a Beta tester?dHoot on September 16, 2015
My prediction. ... "Due to (non specific issue) associated with Beta testing, the release date will be in Oct. Nobody is more anxious to deliver then us! ". That would be consistent with the release date = @now + 6 weeks.SpainInTheArse on September 15, 2015
Just noticed that it's the middle of September. Almost time for a new delay to the project.dHoot on September 3, 2015
Anybody get notification that they have been selected as a Beta tester? Things should be happening if they plan to deliver Webcloack is Sept.Rick Lauwereins on August 19, 2015
Past beta tester for many tech products and am interested in helping out. Would like to see this through launch.Eric Towe II on August 18, 2015
I would like to be a beta tester please.cassie wells on August 18, 2015
I would love to beta test.John on August 18, 2015
I would like to beta testdHoot on August 18, 2015
While we are waiting, another reference to webcloak in a forum about VPNs, see the post by "reg" on the 4th of June 2015 at 9:31 AM, partway down the page and the one before by "wiz-oz". He wasn't impressed....
http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/forum-replies.cfm‰Û_
Has anybody even seen webcloak yet? Has any technical reviews been performed by an independent party? With the deliver in early September, you would think we would be seeing something positive on the Internet.CDP11 on August 18, 2015
@Creator, It's time for an update with an actual delivery date set in stone and one that you guys can hit!dHoot on July 28, 2015
Seems like every update, it is still ~1.5 months to delivery. That really implies that the @Creator is making no progress between updates. I know if I was one of the 4 backers at the last minute in the campaign that got the $5000 rewards, I'd be very concerned about missing out on the creator dinner...
I never did figure that one out, for $1200 you get 10 WCs, for $5000 you get 1 WC and dinner. Pretty expensive dinner....
Update #8 Jan 15 2015 "on track for our April delivery"
Update #10 Mar 6 2015 "mid-May release"
Update #11 Apr 3 2015 "on track for a May release"
Update #12 May 5 2015 "release into June"
Update #13 May 28 2015 "release in early July", "light at the end of the tunnel". "We have worked out our staffing issues",
Update #14 Jul 5 2015 "moving target"
Update #15 Jul 17 2015 "early September", reasons for the delays, staffing, testing, as well as business decisionsFrank V on July 21, 2015
I never got my 2 webcloake I paid for. Please advise me who to contact.dHoot on July 18, 2015
He was unfair on the AES criticism but the wording on the project page could be clearer. The AES algorithm itself is public and can be used to encrypt data that has been classified as "Top Secret".
His criticism that delivery dates have been missed and that backers have yet to receive anything is valid. It's really up to you the creator to prove him wrong (I hope you do).Creator Webcloak, LLC on July 17, 2015
@dHoot
I agree with many of the points in the article but Webcloak should not have been mentioned.
The NSA rates AES 256-bit encryption as ‰ÛÏTop Secret‰Û level encryption. It‰Ûªs a fact, not a lie - https://www.nsa.gov/ia/programs/suiteb_cryptography/
We now know that the Sony hack was an inside job. Many believed at the time that it was the result of a common web based virus of the type that could have been avoided if Sony employees used Webcloak.dHoot on July 16, 2015
Interesting article discussing webcloak
http://www.zdnet.com/article/the-sad-strange-and-profitable-fake-privacy-gadget-epidemic/
It's about time (actually past time) to get some updated delivery dates. Not holding my breath...Anthony on July 11, 2015
Can you give us a date or an estimate?dHoot on July 6, 2015
Per the latest update, "Because of the development pace that we are trying to maintain, our timing on delivery will be a moving target"
This is really open ended as to delivery date. Is delivery expected to be in a day, week, month, quarter, year, longer?dHoot on July 3, 2015
@Creator, it is your responsibility to provide periodic updates. You are past due! Please don't patronize with the KS standard "We been too busy to ...".Jilson on June 30, 2015
Any updates?Nik on June 22, 2015
Progress? Something would be nice???Tan Whee Min on June 18, 2015
Any update?Nick Martin on June 16, 2015
Hi Guys, Any chance of an Update please? Cheers.Shez on June 5, 2015
update on shipping date ?
Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 17, 2014
Hi Raul,
Yes, there will be an OFF Pocket available for the iPhone 6 and 6+ on March 1 from the Privacy Gift Shop http://privacygiftshop.comRaul Sanchez Jr on September 17, 2014
Will you be making one for the iPhone 6 plus?Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 27, 2014
In case it wasn't clear in the update, if you selected a Size C, it shipped out today via USPS.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 26, 2014
Hi Dyonis,
That's great to hear! I've just scheduled another small run and posted the stock on the Privacy Gift Shop this afternoon http://privacygiftshop.com/products/off-pocketDyonis Rakhl on January 23, 2014
Hi Adam. Have been using the OFF Pocket for almost a month now - very nice thing it is! thanks! my boss also got very interested in the product, which he now wants for himself and his buddies (he even took mine to use at sensistive meetings :D). I understand that there is currently no way to order OFF Pocket online - it is "out of stock" in the privacygiftshop. Is there any estimate as to when it is going to be availabe... will need ten of them :) Thanks agains for your work and ingenuity.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 10, 2014
The invoice request page now only requires an email
https://offpocket.com/kickstarter-invoiceFrauke Hein on January 10, 2014
Hi Adam,
thank you for creaing the the download section - unfortunately I have no data about my backer ID number, neither in any email nor in my Kickstarter profile. The easiest would be if you send me my ID or send me the invoice directly. Sorry for the inconvenience- best/fraukeCreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 9, 2014
@Frauke and everyone receiving the rewards in Germany
Invoices for customs can now be downloaded from here:
http://offpocket.com/kickstarter-invoice
Enter the email you used for kickstarter and your backer ID number.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 9, 2014
Hi Frauke,
This has been an issue with several orders to Germany. The required customs information for international orders is posted on the outside of the forms. But I didn't provide invoices for orders (inside or outside) because technically there aren't invoices for the Kickstarter rewards.
The best thing I can do now is to send PDFs invoices to anyone who needs them. Sorry for the inconvenience here. I'm writing a script to auto-generate invoices for anyone.
If anyone else needs an invoice, please let me know. Once I wrap up with with shipping the final Size B and Size C, I'll send a link out for easy downloading of your PDF invoice (for everyone) as an project update email.
-ACreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on January 9, 2014
Hi Federico,
Your order shipped on Dec. 20. Check your message inbox for a tracking number.Frauke Hein on January 9, 2014
Hi Adam,
I am a backer from overseas - Berlin/Germany. The off pocket was sent but has unfortunately not made it out of the customs (see below). Could you provide me an official invoice? I will try with my Kickstarter emails but as the custom System is still old fashioned I doubt if they are familiar with the Kickstarter System. Thanks!
Best from Berlin
/frauke
FYI: for proper delivery to germany the invoice/payment needs to be placed on the outerior of the shipped parcel, that the custom can read it.Federico Verrini on January 9, 2014
Hi Adams, Happy New Year!
I'm still waiting, do you think it's normal or may be something went wrong?
Regards
FedericoMotion Dogs on December 24, 2013
I'm glad to say that my OFF Pocket has arrived today. I'm disappointed to find out that my Size B wont work with my case, which I purchased after backing this project so I had no way to know compatibility. My phone is a LG Optimus F7 just to clarify for other onlookers who may have this phone or similar size that wants to use it with a case.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 23, 2013
Hundreds more OFF Pockets have been shipped between Thursday and today. Depending on your location, some will have arrived today, will arrive tomorrow, or with the next few days. If you're outside of the US, the process will take a bit longer.
All items have shipped with insurance and include a tracking number. Unfortunately, Kickstarter doesn't provide an easy way to send your tracking numbers. But I can still provide them manually to you, if needed.
Tracking inventory with changes to orders, size updates, address updates, is also unfortunately not very easy with Kickstarter. Nor is managing returns or exchanges, which is one reason that I'm not able to offer this level of customer service yet. In the end, the Size B production run came up a few items short (4), and Size A has extra stock. Big thanks to few $125 level backers who offered to wait it out until the next batch of Size B and Size C arrives in January.
Now that most all the orders shipped out, I'll be catching up with any overdue messages, figuring out address changes, and making sure everyone receives their rewards.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
NOTE: if you're part of the group that opted for the refund because your phone was out of the size range, please check your messages. I will need your Amazon Payment email to process the refund.
Thanks.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
@Anton "Will it cause any trouble during airport check-in?"
I've worn it through several metal detectors at different airports without any issues.
However, the metal-plated fabrics do seem to show up on mm wavelength scanners.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
@Ross, yes the Hijab and OFF Pocket have shipped out togetherCreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
@Federico your OFF Pocket Size B is on its wayCreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
The Anti Drone Hijab has shipped!Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 21, 2013
I think all feedback is helpful. However, right now, I don't accept returns on misordered sizes.Sean Bonner on December 20, 2013
I'm not offering helpful feedback, I'm complaining. I'm not asking for a return, I'm asking for an off pocket that actually fits my phone - that's why I backed this, that's why I promoted it to my friends - and what I haven't gotten. I'm quite familiar with that kickstarter is and isn't. I followed your directions to the letter, your site is misleading and confusing, and you shipped me something that I can't use and refuse to exchange it for the correct one. That's HORRIBLE business, and terrible customer service.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 20, 2013
Hey Sean,
What I'm hearing is 2 things:
One, that you want the design of the case to have more volume to accommodate phones with cases, like yours. That's something I'd like to improve upon for the next design. I'm already working with an amazing new designer to improve this.
And the second is that the Size Calculator's UI needs to be clarified. I think it'd be a good idea to clarify the case/size issue, as you pointed out. There are thousands of combinations of phones and cases and the 2 (now 3) OFF Pocket sizes simply can't fit them all. I'll be making improvements to the interface so it's easier to see what does and doesn't fit. I think an interactive graphic/animation of the sizes would help here.
I can't do returns because this isn't a store. Kickstarter does not do returns. These are rewards for helping fund a project that I hope everyone enjoys being a part of.
It'd be great to hear any other suggestions/issues/comments here as well, however critical you want to be. Thanks for all the suggestions and feedback so far and @ross and @alexandre. Look forward to hearing more so I keep making improvements on this project.
If anyone else has any other questions/comments/ideas, please do post them here.
-AdamAlexandre Aufort on December 20, 2013
i received mine.
the site was good in it's measure.
the wireless signals are bloqued
i can only say good work.
continue
P.S
Iphone5s has the referenced size 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6 mm
the A off pocket has for size 124.0 x 65.0x 11.0 mm
i'm afraid you choosed a little tight....
but the add of a little margin ont the calculator size would be a good update to prevent such occurence and is needed.Ross Kettle on December 19, 2013
Adam, thanks for your work on this. Looking forward to receiving the off pocket soon (hopefully in this most recent shipment). Any update on when the hijab will ship? Will the off pocket and hijab ship together?Sean Bonner on December 19, 2013
Hey Adam - This is all useless info AFTER you already sent me a case that I can't use because it's too small and after you told me you don't do exchanges or returns. Your site is *not clear* that no phone with a case will fit, the "sizes are calculated based on manufactures specs" disclaimer is at the bottom of the page and could easily seem to reference the phone itself. I put in "iPhone5s" and was recommended a size without any warning that I couldn't have a case. So now I'm stuck with this useless thing. Really lame.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 19, 2013
If you have any customer service questions, I will be getting back to those soon. In the process of fulfilling all Size A and Size B rewards by tomorrow!Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 19, 2013
The construction of the Size A and Size B has been field tested now for about 7. I'm surprised to hear that, Sean. The OFF Pocket is made with an ultra-light, high performance design. It even outperforms some solid metal constructions.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on December 19, 2013
Sorry Sean. The phone sizes are all listed based on manufacturers specs. If you have a phone size it does need to be measured. That's the best way to determine which size you need.Sean Bonner on December 15, 2013
I'm so glad I backed this early on and sent it to everyone I know, since the size I received doesn't fit my phone and I can't use it and there's absolutely zero customer service on this. On top of that the construction of the too-small-to-use case I received seems weak. What a disappointment.Sonia Koval on December 13, 2013
I got mine a day or two ago.Federico Verrini on December 6, 2013
Hi, I'm waiting for my B size offpocket. Any idea about delivery date?
Federico verrinivisualisierte on November 21, 2013
Hi Adam,
i've checked all e-mails from Kickstarter. But i doesn't get an e-mail with a link to the survey.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 21, 2013
Sounds like there are some UI issues with the message system. Since I'm on the other side (with the admin view) is there someone that could describe or screenshot URL from where you're sending messages?steelwraith on November 21, 2013
Switch to size C please. If this isn't the type of message that you were referring to in your earlier post, then please tell us how to do so as KS for backers is about as user-friendly as a chainsaw with a hangover.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 20, 2013
Hi Chris (and everyone), please send size any change preference as a message. Only size changes sent as messages can be updated in the system.
-AChris Penzinski on November 20, 2013
Adam
Please switch me to size C.
Thanks
Chris.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 20, 2013
Hi Visualisierte,
Project update emails are sent from Kickstarter. Check your junk/spam folders or add "kickstarter.com" to your whitelist to make sure you receive the emails.
-Adamvisualisierte on November 20, 2013
I doesn't get an E-Mail with the the link to the survey. Where can i find a link to the survey?cody on November 13, 2013
Hi Adam,
I completed the survey on the 4th, and was curious when you are going to start shipping them. Anxious to receive it!
Let me know,
Thanks!Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 5, 2013
The new Google Nexus 5 sizes are now published. It's just slightly larger (‰äö.4mm) than the tested interior size of the Size B. Before I add it to the list of approved sizes, I'll be doing a test next week. The phone has been added to the Size Selector with status note.
Thanks to the local NYC backer who volunteered to meet up for the size test!
-ACreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 5, 2013
Hi Alexander, The introductory retail price will be close to the Kickstarter price. I'll post more info about the ecommerce launch once it's ready.
Thanks,
AdamAlexander on November 5, 2013
Hey guys. Great that the surveys are out now :)
I still have one question: What will the retail price for an off pocket be?Alexander on November 5, 2013
Hey guys. Great that the surveys are out now :)
I still have one question: What will the retail price for an off pocket be?Jamon Van Den Hoek on November 4, 2013
Hi Adam -- Is it possible to have the Drone t-shirt in size XL? Thanks.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 4, 2013
All surveys sent!
If you have questions, please post here in the comments or send your message through Kickstarter.
Thanks,
AdamCreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on November 1, 2013
Hi Gabriel, based on feedback I've received, there's a good chance I'll make one more size, Size C, slightly larger to accommodate the HTC One.
I'm working with a new fashion designer on this project now and once I consult with her about making the new size I'll post information about the cost/timeline.
In the case that your (or anyone's) phone size is not available, refunds will be handled on an individual basis.
Thanks,
AdamGabriel on October 31, 2013
Hi Adam. Unfortunately, the sizes you‰Ûªve offered aren‰Ûªt compatible with my phone, which is an HTC One. I appreciate that you must have set constraints, yet am a little disappointed that I won‰Ûªt be able to use your product. Can I ask what contingency you had in mind when you determined the final sizes, i.e. will you be offering additional sizes at a later time, or offering refunds to those whose phones don‰Ûªt fit your specs? If paying slightly more for a custom size is on the cards, I‰Ûªd consider that. Cheers.Creator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on October 29, 2013
The beta version of the Size Selector is now online:
http://offpocket.com/selector
I'll continue testing and once I feel it's ready for everyone, I'll send out the surveys.
-ACreator PRVCM / Adam Harvey on October 26, 2013
Hi Alexander,
Production is taking longer than expected and I apologize for that. OFF Pockets will begin shipping the first week of November and your survey will be sent in the next few days.

-AdamAlexander on October 26, 2013
What is going on? Why is there such a delay?
I wasn't expecting such a long waiting time...
Ronald Robles Osorio 2 days ago
refund pleaseRon Mah 4 days ago
Hi, Steve, I have waited patiently for a long time and am tired of waiting. May I please get a refund? Thank you.Johnson on March 29
Received my Refund. Refunded via PaypalJoseph Stratta on March 22
I would also like a refund how do i go about this?Anthony on March 22
I was contacted via email and told a refund would be issued. Could I have confirmation because I don't see any evidence from PayPal
Best,
AnthonykenY on March 15
Thank You Kim. Got your refund.Johnson on February 27
How do I request for a Refund?Mike Bosse on February 23
Received a refund for my full pledge. Sent one message on Jan 6th and received an answer on Feb 22nd. Refund was in PayPal account on Feb 23rd. While their was a delay. Steve did honor his offer to refund the pledge.Creator Steve Kim on February 22
To Noah Collin, Jonathan Mitchell, Kuroi, Anthony, Kevin Barrett:
If you requested a refund through the message section, you should have already received either the full refund, or a message from our staff regarding what is happening with your refund (some of the emails are incorrect and there was trouble issuing refunds through PayPal - you should have received a message regarding whatever the problem is). If you haven't already, please send us a message (not comment) regarding your refund. As stated in our update, the staff member in charge of issuing refunds is only checking the message section and not the comment section.
To kenY : Sorry about your delayed refund. There was some back and forth between you and our staff via the message section. We are only able to issue refunds via PayPal, but since you are not able to receive a refund through PayPal, we promised to send you a check. Your full refund check (including s/h) will be sent through FedEx. We will provide you with the tracking number when it is sent out. Again, we apologize for the delay.
We have already issued full refunds to most who have requested them (via message) in full - including s/h - as promised. Again, if you have requested a refund only through the comment section, please send us a message so it can immediately be processed.kenY on February 22
Demanded of refund but nothing show up in mail. Not in my Amazon acct either. I think ww all ought to take action against the crooks promised after promised of his product that never delivered.Kevin Barrett on February 17
i want refundAnthony on February 4
Does the refund come in a form of a check?
Did anyone actually get a refund because I never any confirmation from my credit card company that a refund was issued.Kuroi on February 2
I would like to have a refund, this is taking way to long.Jonathan Mitchell on February 1
I would like a refund! This has gone on to long.Noah Collin on January 24
I'd like a refund please.cybergibbons - Andrew Tierney on January 6
Ebola?
Where was he when he contracted ebola? When did he contract it?
http://apps.who.int/ebola/ebola-situation-reportskenY on January 4
OK. Will stick around few more days.Creator Steve Kim on January 3
Sorry Joe, we're just testing our new codes now and will update as soon as the test is done. Give us several more days.Joseph Stratta on January 3
New year came and went, no update....Creator Steve Kim on December 28
We apologize for the delays in update. We are posting an update very soon. As for the refunds, everyone who has requested refunds to date has been refunded 100%. Due to the holidays we may have been delayed few days, so please accept our apologies. Be sure to send us a message with your paypal account so that we can process the refunds ASAP. As for Wemagin production, we haven't stopped working. You should see an update before the new year. We have had many challenges but we haven't given up.kenY on December 27
Updated info at kickstarter stated your product production is in progress at that time, how the hell no one ever received your device? Even govt interference, should have shipped a few dozen by now regardless how the product made, by machine or manually hand assembly or 3D printed. Totally more than dozen of engineers and programmers involved since 2012, the product ver.1 should be released by now. We all deserve an honest explanation, not BS.kenY on December 27
Mr, Dec 25th, I still haven't see my RFID wallet as good faith of your commitment to deliver the main project device later if further postpone a little. Therefore, I decided to have refund in full including s/h paid for in cheque or forward to my Amazon acct. Highly appreciated + Thanks.Anthony on December 23
I am requesting a full refund since this project seems like it's never going to manifest into a real product. I was assigned to review your product for a company that needed a secure USB for communicating and storing documents while traveling overseas. Please credit my Paypal next 10 days or I will need to contact customer support and my credit card company.
Thank you,
AnthonyAnthony on December 23
Refund!Luis Emilio Linares Aranda on December 22
Dear, I need to change the direction of shipping the product to move, as I can pass them the new address?John Kincaid on December 10
Refund.Sam Allan Hernandez on December 8
@ Kim, you mentioned you're hoping that you'll have a shipment by 2015 holiday, is that ever going to happen? It's almost 2016! Update por favor!Kuroi on December 6
Any update?_Ü¾¦Ý on November 22
Me too, can I get refund?Sahey on November 19
@Kim is there any updated? Maybe I request for refund please. I already message you but don't hear anything back.Josh Suprana on October 18
If this is how long it takes for the PC version, I think I will give up waiting for a Mac version.kaosguy on October 17
Refund.Michael D'Angelo on October 16
Any update on this? Shipping anything? Is the device ready yet?Nate Meade on October 13, 2015
Hi,
Please send me a refund for my backing.
Amazon Transaction ID: 198S6I223783T789PPF621BA7RHLAN1EVEM
Thank youBrent Case on October 2, 2015
Your monthly "UPDATE" and tentative ship date is past due. Please advise.Creator Steve Kim on October 2, 2015
For those who have requested refunds, we have issued refunds via PayPal for the past weeks. If you haven't yet requested a refund, please send us a personal message (on Kickstarter) with your PayPal account info and give us about a week to process the refund.
Thank you for your continued support and patience.Nate Meade on October 2, 2015
Hey jackoff Steve Kim, stop ignoring everyone and man up. This is absurd.kenY on September 30, 2015
When a project postponed after postponed, promisepromised after promised then offer something too good to be true.... Hmm! I request full refund credit back to my account accordingly. Thanks.Nate Meade on September 26, 2015
I already am positive this will follow my past posts, emails, and messages and never get answered but I'll try anyway. Any photos of these or any prototype photos? If your expecting it to shop by holiday 2015 you should at least have something available to show.Nate Meade on September 15, 2015
CE Junkie.
That's what I was hoping for. I'm looking for a good treasure hunt.CE Junkie on September 12, 2015
@nate
If I had to guess, it'll work like this. Once they are ready to ship, they will send you the location of the end of the rainbow they intend to ship it to. There you will find your Wemagin Gadget, your refund, and as a bonus...a pot of gold.Nate Meade on September 7, 2015
So your going to ship units to everyone who waits and make absolutely no money on them? How will that work?Mary Mi on August 31, 2015
yes please refundCreator Steve Kim on August 31, 2015
Work in Progress & Refund Offer
Thank you for your continued support and patience. As noted in our last update, we have been debugging the camera and microphone blocker from attacks more responsively, and have finished the magnetic cap mold. Our manufacturers in China have been working to pick up the pace after the delays from government crackdowns (on VPN related products), and they are currently on track with production (the delays put us back a few months - which is why the original delivery dates have been pushed back). Again, we do apologize for all the delays in responding and delivery. We have faced problems that we were not originally able to anticipate, and we can finally see the finish line. As we wrote in our last update, our hopes are to ship all products before the holidays 2015.
As promised, we will provide a full refunds for those who would like one. If you would like a refund, please submit your request via personal message on Kickstarter. Please provide your email address for your PayPal or Amazon Payment, if different from your Kickstarter ID.
For those who are willing to stick it out till the end with us, we would like to offer an opportunity to receive your package for free! As an apology for the delay and as a thank you for your patience in supporting us till the end, your entire pledge would be refunded (at the time of shipment) AND you would receive your package for FREE. Again, estimated delivery is before the holidays 2015.
Thank you, again, for your patience and support!Trevor Joy on August 30, 2015
Can we have a proper update please?kenY on August 29, 2015
I don't need fancy packaging, just the RFID in a thin bubble small shipping envelope help save your expenses and you could do the same whenever your device ready to ship around Xmas.kenY on August 29, 2015
I know the device being delay after delay, what happen to my included RFID wallet? Could that send to me in a tiny bubble envelope 1st? Thanks.Brent Case on August 29, 2015
I might be the only loyal supporter left but we need an "Update", not posts in the comments. 60 days since the last update is unacceptable.Creator Steve Kim on August 13, 2015
Thank you for your support. We are sorry that it is taking much longer than expected. Could you please message us your Paypal account so that we can issue out the refund as soon as we can. For those who will continue to stand with us, thank you. Our goal is to deliver the best product we can. Thank you again for your support.Andrew Pared on August 12, 2015
I would like to request a full refund on this project as the delays are not reasonable for a campaign that was due to finish months ago. Please contact me about how I can have the refund processed.
Christopher 3 days ago
Jeff must be busy. The last update I received, when I emailed him directly was March 18. Here is the text:
Thanks for checking in. Since our last update in January, we have fixed more issued based on our field test results, and are now undergoing another major lift to make JackPair rock. I'll post more updates in the coming weeks, when the dusts are settles.
Cheers,
--- Jeffreyjdelic on March 23
Hey guys,
could we please get an update on how the development is going with the new voice codec and how things are going generally?
That'd be swell.
JonasMark A. Lacy on March 18
Syre Kron is correct about Diffie-Hellman.
I remember reading an abstract about this about a year ago. I just found the paper.
https://weakdh.org/imperfect-forward-secrecy-ccs15.pdfMark A. Lacy on March 18
Living in Europe - for a couple of years (in military) I want security! I know for a fact cell phones are monitored in the UK, I have seen the equipment! As an RF electronic engineer, Although not my specialty, I am familiar with encryption somewhat, I do not want to see these devices on the market with a "back door" key.
Also, will the devices be sold "keyed" in pairs or by per sale basis? In other words If I purchase 6 more at a later date will I be able to get them keyed the same?
Will this specific algorithm be revealed to any federal agency? at any time?Christopher on March 2
I agree with Hash that photos and sample audio from voip/gsm testing would help folks who are waiting for this and help them feel like there is progress. I know this takes time, but the backers would appreciate it.Joe Andrews on February 8
Hello Jeffrey and team. I haven't heard back from you guys since January 29th in the private messaging area. Can you respond back with the status please. I've sent three messages and have not received a reply. I didn't want to post here but 10 days is my minimum threshold.Hash on February 1
Hey guys.. thanks for the update and I'd just like to say I'm still very hopeful this project will be successful in shipping a great product. The latest delay is a big disappointment though as I was really excited to get my hands on some JackPairs asap.
I know you want to ship a really excellent product and don't want to compromise on voice quality over VoIP, and I have no idea of what might be involved in implementing the following suggestion (probably more than I can imagine!) but would it perhaps be possible, if it's working well over GSM, to ship a few backers an early beta version with the understanding that it still has to be optimized for VoIP networks? Presumably the software optimizations could be applied to the beta units as a firmware update when the VoIP optimized version is done.
I realize this might not be realistic though. Another thing that has helped me personally with delays on other projects I've backed is when the creators include some photos of their prototypes, testing, etc. in updates. Perhaps you could post an update with some more photos / sound test files to give us more direct insights into the progress to help soothe our impatience?
All the best!Joe Andrews on January 28
Let me rephrase that. Maybe this project will be successful, but I'm personally not willing to wait any longer. In no way am I trying to sway anyone else, because if it does get released in April, I'll be kicking myself in the butt.Joe Andrews on January 28
Geez, I'm going to have to request that refund, as I've lost confidence in this endeavor. I've been more than patient, but the consistent delays are finally intolerable. I just don't have faith in this project anymore considering the last explanation, regarding the last minute decision.Victor on January 24
Hi Jeffrey, any update regarding the project?Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on December 2
We are making progress with the latest vendor now; they are able to solve most of the flow marks issues, and find workarounds on the others. The chassis is in mass production now, and will be QA'ed this and next week, then it'll be assembled with the electronic components for final shipment. We're working out the schedule with our contract manufacturers, and try to have it delivered by end of December. The holiday season makes it a bit challenge for the job schedule, and It'll probably take another week or 2 for the delivery, so please expect to receive it by end of January. We'll have the latest update posted soon.Joe Andrews on December 1
BTW, at this point I'd be willing to accept the chassis with the flow marks if that would speed up the delivery. I know I don't speak for everyone, but I don't think a compromise to the cosmetics of the device would be a deal breaker at this point, because now we risk the chance of further delays with a new vendor. How does everyone else feel about that?Mark A. Lacy on November 30
What is the status on delivery? We are moving to the UK in a month and we don't want to miss our devices!Joe Andrews on November 29
Ok, it's been over a month. Is there an update on the progress and/or a potential delivery timeframe for the 2015 calendar year?Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on October 27
Hi, Syre,
I think you're referring to the Logjam attack published recently. In that paper, the authors recommend transitioning to elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDH) to avoid the vulnerabilities under Logjam attack. JackPair is using ECDH, specifically the Curve25519 implementation, which is independent of NSA influence. In the Logjam attack, the precomputation of up to 1024-bit groups in traditional DH does not gain as much advantage as it is in the case of elliptic curve discrete log algorithm. Also, the ECDH key size used in JackPair is 256 bits, which is comparable of ~3072 bits for traditional Diffie-Hellman in terms of key strength. This should be long enough before Moore's law move the arm race to next level.
--- JeffreySyre Kron on October 20
Jeffrey,
I've seen in the news about theorized attacks by state actors against the Diffie-Hellman key exchange. If I recall correctly from the campaign you were planning to use Diffie-Hellman to establish session keys between JackPairs.
Do you have any thoughts or analysis that you could share with the community with respect to the security of JackPair in light of this news?Joe Andrews on October 16
Ok, thanks! I'd rather you guys take your time and deliver a quality product than rush together something useless. Hopefully, we can get a delivery by Christmas.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on October 15
The electronic hardware has been mass-produced, and we're waiting for the chassis to be manufactured, which is still at pilot run stage now. The software subsystems have been integrated, and we're conducting field testing to fix up voice quality now. So we're planning on taking more time to resolve all the issues before final shipment, which may take another 1-2 months.
I'll put up more detailed updates in a few days.
--- JeffreyJoe Andrews on October 11, 2015
Hello Jeffrey,
Are you guys still on track to start delivering by the end of October?Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on September 24, 2015
Yes, we're having the manufacturing issues resolved, and doing another pilot run in the next few weeks. Right now it's on track to end of October delivery date.Oldschool Shadowrunner on September 24, 2015
Hi Jeffrey,
Any new updates? Are you still looking to ship no later then end of October? Thanks a million!Summy Tse on September 14, 2015
Thanks for your update!!!!!
Really take so long , nearly a yearJoe Andrews on August 23, 2015
Hello Jeffrey,
Can you guys at least post a working demonstration of JackPair? I do understand the manufacturing difficulties or mishaps with production on the assembly line, but a working demonstration of the product would definitely put people more at ease with the extended wait times. Thanks!Keaton on August 22, 2015
Looking forward to the next update on this project. Hardware design, tooling, manufacturing, and test (especially test) isn't a walk in the park by any stretch. Software side isn't easy either; speaking of that, could you please provide some info on that front as well with the next update if possible? At this point, I'm not aware if the shipped hardware will have software ready or not. Though I may have missed something somewhere that already answers this. Just curious.
I'd like to mention, you guys have taken on significant challenge and your initial time frame was quite aggressive. From my personal perspective of hardware/software design on a full fledged product, you're placed pretty close to on schedule in my opinion (doesn't matter if you didn't meet the aggressive schedule you placed, things don't always work out perfect in reality). All in all, keep up the good work AWIT team; again, looking forward to this product and I'd rather see things get done when they're done than not at all!Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on August 9, 2015
Hi, Victor,
We're almost ready for shipping, awaiting the electroplating of enclosure and PCB fabrication. We'll have update coming soon.Victor on August 9, 2015
Hi Jeff,
Any Updates? Almost 2 months of silence :(Christopher on July 19, 2015
Thanks for the last update #12. I saw on Jackpair.com that August is the new shipping date. Any updates on how the new test fixture worked out? Are you still on schedule for August?Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on June 19, 2015
We did a pilot run on the assembly line, and found a few production issues that have to be addressed before the mass production can be continued. To make sure we can deliver the best quality product, we're beefing up our automatic in-circuit & functional test suites for comprehensive coverage of the production tests. I'll send out an update on this soon.Oldschool Shadowrunner on June 17, 2015
Hi Jeff,
Any updates?Oldschool Shadowrunner on April 21, 2015
Hi Jeff,
No difference what packaging box you use. Considering what the purpose of this device is. Have you considered using tamper-evidence tape or seal on the package so there is an indication if the package was opened.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on April 19, 2015
Hi, Christopher & Ahmed,
Please check our Update#10 for info, and don't forget to fill in the Survey we sent out last week.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on April 19, 2015
@Carl Meece III, thanks for your reminder. Please feel free to leave comments here or at Update#10, and we'll respond to them.Carl Meece III on April 19, 2015
I prefer package concept #3. By the way, asking people to respond via Facebook is not cool because some people (like me) do not use Facebook.Christopher on April 19, 2015
Any chance there is an update? I'm looking forward to trying out/testing this device.Ahmed Alaali on April 5, 2015
have you send out the shipping surveys yet ? cuz i didnt get nothingCreator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on March 2, 2015
Hi, Max & Summy,
Sorry that I was having a very bad stomach flu for the past few days. We're quite exciting as the development team to move JackPair into the final stage in preparation for mass production in the coming month. I'll post our next Kickstarter Update in the next day or so. Stay tuned.Max on February 25, 2015
I'd also like to hear from the development team. Did you finalise the prototype? When can we expect shipment of the final product?Summy Tse on February 24, 2015
Being a supporter and wait for nearly half a year, i only concert about when can i get my 10 pack of jackpair!!!Syre Kron on January 5, 2015
re: Project Update #8
I would rather it not be sealed. I like the idea of being able to visually inspect the device. I don't know what to do about the warranty aspects of that decision though.Aaron on December 28, 2014
An update a week would be nice. Just to let everyone know what is going on.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on December 22, 2014
We're finalizing on the prototyping & almost ready for production. I'll post a new update soon.Benjamin on December 11, 2014
A status update would be nice. Just saying.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on October 22, 2014
@Carl: Sorry for the delay. I've just posted Update#7 for our current status. We've adopted your suggestion for the position of USB port. See the update for picture & details. Thank you!Carl Watson on October 17, 2014
Hi there, any news on which final design was chosen for jack pair or any updates on progress of the project, kind regards, CarlJan on September 15, 2014
Echoing Carl's idea, I would very much welcome a model that would come with a sturdy stand to which the audio in/out plugs and USB charging cable are connected. I would have one stand on each of my desks and just unplug the JackPair when on the move.Creator Jeffrey Chang & the AWIT team on September 13, 2014
@Carl: Good suggestions. We were trying to shrink down the size of JackPair so that it can fit as part of the wire for headset; that's why the audio jacks are on both ends. It's probably too late to change the form factor for current version, as we have just submitted our second PCB prototype. We'll keep your suggestion in mind and see if we can make some mock-up first for comparison. Any one to second Carl's suggestion here?Carl Watson on September 12, 2014
having both jack connectors on the same end of the jackpair device would make it fit in your pocket much more easily and reduce the risk of damage as the overall ridged length would be reduced to the device plus one connector length rather than the device plus 2 connector lengths
personally I would like to see the usb connector on the end as well so that I can make a desk dock connector to plug/slot the device in for my home phone and another for my computer
^^^^ accessory product idea right there :)Dan Miller on September 7, 2014
Never mind. Saw the main page and the quote from Bruce Schneier and the other stuff.Dan Miller on September 7, 2014
So glad you guys made it. It did not look promising for a while. Do you know what caused the final rush? Did you get a media mention somewhere?Rainbow387 on September 7, 2014
If I had a preference it would be darker colors like black although and I mean this literally at the end of the day all parties as stated probably only care that it is a working product that functions as expected. Thank you for keeping us up to date but also for future messages could you estimate or give a range (ex: Sept 24 - October 10th for next update) and how often you'll be at least continuing to read messages, either direct but preferably in the comment section so all could see the answers to questions they perhaps did not yet think of. Thanks and once again congratulations.
Trixie Annalyn Chua on April 4
I haven‰Ûªt received any email regarding the tracking number can you please check?Koji Sasaki on March 25
I got the white and black band as well. disappointed. how can I exchange it to Black/red ? the original color you had on the picture?Bryan on March 23
I'm quite disappointed with the color. The campaign showed so many amazing colors and what I got in the box is this plain white and black band. And the white is on the side where it touches your wrist. Why white? You do realise it's gonna stain after a while right? If i could send you guys a picture I would. You wouldn't be impressed either. I'd gladly send it back to get a plain black one.Logan Wilke on March 9
I received mine about a week ago, however the VC tag does not work. the other tags function just fine on my HTC One M9, but the VC tag will not work on any of the phones I've tried it with: HTC One M9, Samsung Galaxy S6, and LG G4. Any help here? Seems like I got a bad NFC tag in my band.Yannick Warnier on March 7
I received it today by post delivery in Belgium. Shipment cost: $37.5.
I think a clear warning should have mentioned that delivery cost was to be covered by the contributor to the project (and what they could be, approximately, considering most of the price is due to the type of packaging). A bad surprise, considering it almost doubles the expense. Hopefully next time this will be better documented.Stefano Skiddolo on March 7
arrived just now..good quality but, why WHITE?????Gerald Sorko on March 7
Considering the prize I am very satisfied with the product. The band and the app together provide a feature set that I have not seen before and I personally think especially the app blocking function is well implemented. Will experiment with the two custom tags next ...Christoph Hatzfeld on March 3
@Tamas: there was no option to choose color and some backers (including me) is very disappointed about that. But the creators are silent about that issue.Tamas Kisely on March 3
Dear Creator and Other Backers,
Was there any option to change/choose color? Because I wanted the original black and red, but got white.Gordias on March 2
Received my set with great anticipation and today my first experience with NFC trying to configure my business card. First hurdle: entering my surname stops after 12 characters with one to go. Where is that specified as a limitation?? I have written to EndlessID Support but do also feel free to pick up from this message, thanks.Ashley Sthen on March 1
if this company had put as much money in to the product its self, as it did the sales and marketing part of this campaign - this product may have been useful. But unfortunately, backers have been conned with a inspiring video, great graphic's, lose future prospects. NFC tags cost nothing to buy your self, stick it to the back of your hand and you have a better product than this.Takafumi Asakura on February 29
Where is the serial number?
Sorry,I don't fond it.Don Schultz on February 27
Where is the serial # located?Daniel Hoffman on February 26
Between supporting this and hopefully receiving it next week I have switched to an iPhone. Will you support iOS soon?saim on February 25
Amazingsamuel on February 24
I think mine is broken. I follow the instruction to tap the band to the back of my phone and I get nothing no responsePranav on February 23
When will there be an app in the apple store?Dylan Metz on February 23
I agree I would have liked the red/black version but the white/black version is ok too.Jaron on February 22
I received mine today. The product works. It really does. But there are some drawbacks to expect.
I like it, but the style of the snapback does make it hard to put on with ease. I think one whole rubber wristband may have been a better option or magnetic snap on (don't know if there would be interference with the NFC).
Instructions weren't too clear. To create your account you have to tap your phone against the ID part of the wristband (or just tap on the keychain, sticker, or card). Now this is where I personally had an issue. The response wasn't instantaneous; there was a 3-5 second lag. I had to tap around eventually to get that sweet spot (don't know if it's due to my phone but I haven't tried with other NFC compatible equipment). I have the Nexus 6P and the sweet spot ended up being the left corner of my phone. But for some reason as I tap my phone more and more, it does respond a little quicker each time (lag is around 1 to 2 seconds now).
Other than that they all work (wristband, card, sticker, keychain). It'll be cool to see later gens of the wristband as this one does give off quite a bit of rubbery smell (plastic band snap on, magnetic snap on, etc.).
Thanks for delivering on the product and hope to see future starters from you, creator!David Goldstone on February 22
Please explain why the Red/Black band on the box is not what is in the box?????? Your Kickstarter compaign shows the Red/Black band in the box. Why did we receive a different product/color??? The sticker shown in the center of the band is not included in my box or package?? Your web site shows various colors. why were your backers not given a choice on color?? Please reply with some answers as we all are looking for clarification. Share with us on what is going on. That is all your backers are asking for. Not a good way to start off when you want your backers to spread the word about your great product. Thank you.David Goldstone on February 22
I received my package today. Went to download your APP to only find out that my SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 4 WITH NFC is not compatible with your APP. What is going on? I was told back in November that my phone was compatible. When can we expect this problem to be fixed? It says in the google play store that my OLD Motorola Droid Razer MAX is compatible but it does not have NFC.!!! Please advise when I can expect this issue resolved or I want a refund since the product is useless to me. Thank you in advance for your prompt reply.Levy Rivers on February 22
I got mine today - registering not that simple - it does work as advertised.Sunay Pandya on February 22
I got mine today and pretty unimpressed with it. •À_Elmar van Kordenoordt on February 22
@Nolan
I will let you know when/if I've received mine. Still a mystery. But don't bet on extra tracking information. We will see...Nolan Engels on February 22
I assume there will be no update with tracking information for our packages? Just wasn't sure how to figure out when it would arrive.Christoph Hatzfeld on February 20
They said it will be black and white. Sorry.Stefano Skiddolo on February 20
I saw..i hope it's in black and black like the app or red and black...i hope...Christoph Hatzfeld on February 19
@Stefano: They donå«t answer question about their color choice since weeks! Its black and white by the way. Why theyå«ve chosen this combination I donå«t know. They wonå«t answer.Stefano Skiddolo on February 19
Ok..fantastic..but...the color?what i have to expect?thx...Creator EndlessID LLC on February 16
We are working really hard to deliver all the products by the end of this week
We will publish a new update when the products was shipped. Thanksgil on February 16
I don't like the way they are handling all of the things i want a refundChristoph Hatzfeld on February 16
Be aware that they don't answer uncomfortable questions.Ross Amory on February 16
When are they being shipped?Elmar van Kordenoordt on February 13
Any update on the shipping yet?gil on February 11
At least update us about the color and what your doing right nowChristoph Hatzfeld on February 10
You ignore every question about the color. Thats very very disappointing and, to be honest, it makes me feel ignored and cheated. If you don't care about your backers or are unable to react properly on such questions I really doubt that you were honest about your claim on customer care.Creator EndlessID LLC on February 9
@gil - We published an update on Feb 2
We expect to receive the products by the end of this week and them, we will publish a new one with the shipping dates
Regardsgil on February 9
So 8 days as pass since your last comment when you said that there will be an update about shipping on, the most annoying thing is that you dont even care about your funderdont ask about color ignore commentsChristoph Hatzfeld on February 5
It seems that the creator is very selective when answering questions here.gil on February 3
Will there be an option to chane color after the color bands be readyChristoph Hatzfeld on February 2
Is there any chance we will get an answer on the black/white vs. black/red decision and why community was not involved? The displayed boxes in Update #21 clearly show a band with black/red. I mean...wtf?Creator EndlessID LLC on February 1
@gil We are in the final production stage and we expect to receive the products by the end of this week .
We will post a new update with the delivery information this week .
Regarding the developers SDK, we will send all the information after we sent the products, because you need to hace the product to interact with the SDK
Regardsgil on February 1
What is going on no updates when in campaign you say it will ship in january (it hasent) you didn't tell us in the campaign that there is only 2 colors you don't answer our nessages you didn't send me the developer api you dont post any updates we want answersiH@b on January 26
@Creator
I would really appreciate it, if you would address my inquiry sent to your DM inbox 2 days ago!
Thanks,Elmar van Kordenoordt on January 25
@sharon, gil, nolan and christoph
This is what I just received as a message from them... nothing about the colors or anything we posted but still... (could be worse, could be Zano;)) :
*********
Hello
We are now in production and waiting to have the date that the product arrive to US
We expect to arrive at the end of this month to be ship
We are going to post an update next week witj all the information
Regards
**********gil on January 25
I think they made a lot of mistakes if they would have giving the chance to choose colors or actually answer the comments we(the bakers) send and actually give us photos and updats we would all be happyerNolan Engels on January 24
So deadline for the survey was 15 days ago and there is still no update on when they will be ready?Christoph Hatzfeld on January 23
I hope they see that they made a mistake by not involving their backer community in the color decision. But I guess it is to late now to change production. That said, Iå«m still very disappointed, especially that they did not respond to our critical voices here. Thats the wrong way to deal with it.iH@b on January 23
@Creator
I pledged for red and black..(don't change the thumbnail now!!)
If you can't offer it.. Send my a refund.. Please..
Thanks,
Note: let's see how long it's gonna take you to respond!! (In reference to your 7 days ago post)Elmar van Kordenoordt on January 22
Any news on the delivery date? Still seems awfully silent...
Creator Todd Blatt on October 30, 2013
Yup sorry, I've been super busy and delayed in sending the final files to shapeways. Everything is already sent over to them so they're processing and printing them now and you should have it in about a week or 10 daysThomas Myers on October 30, 2013
Any word on delivery of the "privacy pack"?
I backed it at that level, but have not seen anything arrive...Creator Todd Blatt on September 24, 2013
Hrm, I hadn't noticed that but it totally makes sense. By default, I guess Glass is using the camera to figure out the brightness of the room you're in, so it can set the screen to dim accordingly. Since the point of the lens cover is to cover the camera, it seems like the only way to fix this would be in software.Joshua Brown on September 24, 2013
Just got mine. Invariably it causes the auto-brightness to dim to the minimum level. Any workarounds?Far McKon on July 14, 2013
Only you Toddd, only you.
I dropped you a $5 because you are a nifty guy, good luck making all of these cool things.
Good luck,
Creator Angee Inc. 7 days ago
@Phil
Thanks for pointing out the article, it seems quite interesting! It's a bit odd that they lump together products which have fallen well behind their schedule, and those which are still on schedule for shipping as expected, though :)
We have just released our March update, and following the next trip to China, we will be releasing another. Please feel free to ask if there are any specific questions you have in mind though!Phil Pearce on April 5
Hi,
What are your thoughts on this? Do you have any updates on progress?
http://www.cnet.com/pictures/what-ever-happened-to-these-crowdfunded-smart-home-gadgets-pictures/
ThanksCreator Angee Inc. on April 1
Thanks for the feedback everyone!bezouwenr on March 31
Another vote for the band on the right.Rick James on March 30
Another vote for the band on the rightDaniel Alfonso on March 30
thanks Chase Colton for the info..Erik Bourgeois on March 30
One vote for the option with the band on the right.Tom Brennan on March 30
If the minimalist option saves resources in any way, than 1 agree with Guillermo...Tom Brennan on March 30
I like the shipping container that has the band.
TomGuillermo Aguilar on March 30
1 Vote for Minimalist Opcion PleaseCreator Angee Inc. on March 30
Hi everyone,
new update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tomtu/angee-the-first-truly-autonomous-home-security-sys/posts/1530917
Give it a quick read!Chase Colton on March 23
@Daniel, also a lot of home insurance companies require the system to alert local law enforcement for the discount.Daniel Alfonso on March 10
thanks for the response, we can not wait for Angee to join our family. :)Creator Angee Inc. on March 9
Hi Daniel, I don't believe we have any certificate included right now, as I suspect the rules on this will vary from country to country. I'll look into what including one would involve, particularly for the NA region.Daniel Alfonso on March 6
I have another question, when we receive Angee are we getting any kind certificate for home insurance purposes?? thanks..Daniel Alfonso on February 18
thank you for the response and update..Creator Angee Inc. on February 18
@all We have just published a new update, give it a look! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tomtu/angee-the-first-truly-autonomous-home-security-sys/posts/1495613Creator Angee Inc. on February 18
@Daniel
Good question. The amount of data used depends on exactly how you use Angee, but typically it will put quite a minimal strain on your data connection. Angee will only record if instructed to, or if an event triggers it (e.g. the noise of a window breaking, or detecting movement when no one should be at home).
If you are regularly streaming video to your phone/other device, you would see a lot more data usage, but not significantly different from making a skype call.Phil Pearce on February 17
Hi,
Can we get an update as to what's going on with the project so far? Gone pretty quietDaniel Alfonso on February 13
I have a question. since angee can communicate anywhere I go using WIFI, how much gigabit will be needing a month? 200-300 gig/month? just wondering. thanks for all the update can't wait to see angee joining my family:)CÌ©line Turcotte on January 26
Thanks you guys for the update. I cannot wait to see your prototypes.
Keep on the good work.
Anxious to see Angee in my house;)Creator Angee Inc. on January 19
Hello everyone!
Things have been going really well: You can see the latest blog either in the KS update section, or check it out on our blog here: http://meetangee.com/blog/the-angee-men-are-back-from-shenzhen
Give it a look! More updates to come soonXTC0r on January 12
Any update worth sharing with us?D Nuk'em on January 4
So, the festive season is over, what's going on in the Angee workshop?Creator Angee Inc. on December 10
Anyone interested in free security tags or even free Angees?
Check out our new referral contest!
http://meetangee.com/blog/referralCreator Angee Inc. on December 8
@John, not yet!John Henley on December 7
Hi Guys, has the address/survey gone out to backers yet?Creator Angee Inc. on December 7
@Ales
In the event you know you will be out of reach, you can give neighbors or family permission to receive notifications from your Angee unit. We believe this is an elegant solution which will avoid expensive subscription costs while maintaining the safety of your home.ales musial on December 6
QUESTION
I am with my wife on vacation and leave our phone in our room. ( Who wont to distracted on vacation) If there is burglary and Angii send info to our phones ,but wi do not react cant Angii call 911?D Nuk'em on December 3
@astralmind
Thanks, I hope that the community is going to benefit greatly from my input. My STT is saving me the trouble of typing them too, although I see that there have been some misinterpretations made by the TTS. I hope that the international backers among us have been able to understand so far. (I'll have to go back to proof reading, I'm still working out some bugs, so please bear with me).
With regards to the BT security question and Angee's ability to pick up on BT MACs...
I neglected to consider BT's network topography. It's a 2-8 node piconet and it's likely that (IMO), Angee would designate itself the role of master node.
Piconets are established dynamically and automatically as BT devices enter and leave radio proximity.
@Angee:
Will the security tags pick up on this BT from afar? Or will you have to be in range of Angee in order to have this picked up?
@Brad Magri-Olson +1Brad Magri-Olson on December 2
@Angee now that you have the pre pay option available and and additional $10k has been raised since the campaign closed, I would really like to see the $600k stretch goal introduced to the sum of both campaigns ;) will give additional motivation for backers to raise more funds for you!astralmind on December 2
@D Nuk'em
Great questions you're bringing up, saving me the trouble of typing them ;)
Re: Kensington lock. At the end of the day, Angee being rather "obvious' rather than stealing it, wouldn't it be much simpler to destroy it ? Locking it could help with theft of the actual unit but I'd be surprised to see that happen.
Curious to see the answer regarding Bluetooth security - it is indeed a very easy thing to do albeit improbable - someone would have to know you have a security device relying on Bluetooth, spoof your MAC (and figure out the right one). Unless it's one of your geeky friend or if the technology actually becomes popular, although the risk is high, the probability of it being exploited is extremely slim.D Nuk'em on December 2
@Angee
Awhile back in the comments, it was mentioned that it would be possible for an intruder two into your property and remove Angee. Depending on what the casing of the unit is made of, I'm hoping for a strong piece of milled aluminium, would it not be possible to include a Kingston style lock adapter into the design. I mean, all that it is is an oval shaped opening for the lock pieced to be inserted into.D Nuk'em on November 30
@Angee
Ok, I've got some friends in Bristol....
http://home.bt.com/news/uk-news/real-life-tractor-beam-levitates-objects-using-3d-hologram-of-sound-11364013207110
I'm surprised you'd not given microprocessor control a look prior to my mentioning it. You guys are makers yourselves and with a unit capable of so much more, you could open up an entire world of possibilities with just a little adjustment.
Is there any chance of getting a more in-depth look into the OS? Or, I'll happily help in any way I can to make Angee the best it (not she) can be.
Will firmware be pushed to units automatically, via the cloud and will the updates be free?
While updates are in progress, does the unit still perform all it's functions, or is there downtime?
If there is downtime...sorry...would someone be able to spoof an update, forcing the unit to stop monitoring your house?
Update Vid with Angee seeing round corners....OMG, yes please.
So... got a question about the method that Angee uses to sense bluetooth.
How?
Basically, let's say...
a) My phone is blue-tethered to an audio device.
Will I have to disconnect my device before Angee can see me?
Or will will the unit...
#(trying SO hard not to refer to it as a her/she, in case i fall into the trap of the 2013 Film 'Her' http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709/)
...be able to ID me using the same BT sig? When I say sig, I'm assuming MAC address.
Which brings me to....BT MAC Spoofing! YAY!
This is easy.
So, does Angee read the BT MAC ad' to ID you? If so, blue-sniffing, blue-snarfing and blue spoofing would be a major danger to Angee's integrity.
You've mentioned that Angee may/will? use multifactor auth. This is going to be necessary since BT auth alone is clearly flawed.
Although we've seen videos of the unit, we don't know how authentic they are, these vids we've seen so far are, essentially, adverts.
I'd hope by this stage that there are Angee units working, although possibly 3rd/4th gen protos.
*Another Vid Request*
Can you show us one running, responding, acting. (PM to follow).Creator Angee Inc. on November 30
@D Nuk'em
Tractor beams are certainly giving us a bit of trouble right now.
I would also be keen to obtain a deeper understanding of Angee's operating system and how to get to units to communicate with other devices such as Arduinos or other microprocessors.
Good question. We need to look further into it, as we haven't considered Arduinos until you mentioned them

> Although the Angee team has stated that the units will be compatible with IFTTT and these actions may be possible through this method, I have found a great number of people who questions the security of such transmissions.
Agreed, as security is utmost importance, we will be spending a lot of time between now and launch checking this out.
> I assume that Angie's firmware will be updated over time, do the backers of the unit benefits from these firmware upgrades?
We will update the firmware as required (to fix any bugs, improve functionality, etc), and I believe in any case it should be of benefit to both backers and customers
> How future proof is the hardware contained within the unit?
Well, available hardware will of course improve over time, but Angee should be able to perform the intended purpose for years if treated well
> Hey, you know I mentioned I wanted to see some videos from the labs? This would be an and excellent experiment for you guys to run. Simply replace the unit in a corridor and place a mirror so that you can see the units from around the corner. From there you will be able to test Angie's abilities to sense movement using this very easy method.
This is a very cool idea :) I'll put it forward for one of our update videos in the future.
> I hope the content is useful to both the creating team and backers alike.
It's welcome, thank you! Ideas for what people would like to see in videos is especially good.D Nuk'em on November 30
@Shrink, sorry dude, nothing to do with you, I was having a sense of humour failure at that moment and my fingers responded without thinking. No offence taken/meant.Shrink on November 28
@D Nuk'em
My comment was intended as a joke‰Û_ obviously a poor joke.
Please accept my apologies for any offense given. It was unintentional and I'm sorry if it appeared critical.D Nuk'em on November 28
@Shrink, yes, I can view the same web page as you, so can see that for myself.Shrink on November 27
@D Nuk'em
@D Nuk'em
There seems to be an echo in here...D Nuk'em on November 27
@Angee - Thanks for confirming that the Angee unit will also cook breakfast, do the laundry, and clean the bathroom. I had hoped that these features would be included, but thought them too unrealistic to suggest.
How do intend on implementing the re-positioning of the dirty laundry from the laundry basket, to the washer/dryer? I assume that Angee will have some sort of tractor beam? Secondly what calculation does the unit used to make sure you get a perfectly boiled eggs each time? Does the unit peel them to and dispose of the eggshell?
I would be keen to see some unproduced videos of working units from the lab/workshop. I appreciate your reasoning for a for off shipping date, but with this comes the task of having to keep your backers on the edge of their seats and in the know.
I would also be keen to obtain a deeper understanding of Angee's operating system and how to get to units to communicate with other devices such as Arduinos or other microprocessors. Ideally the units will be able to send run commands to microprocessors with pre-written instructions on them to carry out a myriad of predetermined tasks. Using this method it is possible to send a run command to a microprocessor controlling a stepper motor, controlling something like your curtains, sliding door, blinds, Etc. Similarly I would like to be able to ask of the units to lock my doors. A simple commands to a microprocessor controlling either solenoids or electromagnetic door locks is all that is needed to implement this.
Although the Angee team has stated that the units will be compatible with IFTTT and these actions may be possible through this method, I have found a great number of people who questions the security of such transmissions.
Which leads me into my next.
I assume that Angie's firmware will be updated over time, do the backers of the unit benefits from these firmware upgrades? How future proof is the hardware contained within the unit?
Speaking of hardware, there is an outstanding question regarding the higher resolution camera that the unit will enclose. I mentioned in an earlier comment that's an easy and cheap way to extend the visual range of the unit would be to employ strategically placed mirrors. The efficacy of this method is dependent on the visual hardware and motion capture algorithms.
Hey, you know I mentioned I wanted to see some videos from the labs? This would be an and excellent experiment for you guys to run. Simply replace the unit in a corridor and place a mirror so that you can see the units from around the corner. From there you will be able to test Angie's abilities to sense movement using this very easy method.
My apologies for the length of this comment, using speech to text has made this a much easier task for me, however I hope the content is useful to both the creating team and backers alike.
DD Nuk'em on November 27
@Angee - Thanks for confirming that the Angee unit will also cook breakfast, do the laundry, and clean the bathroom. I had hoped that these features would be included, but thought them too unrealistic to suggest.
How do intend on implementing the re-positioning of the dirty laundry from the laundry basket, to the washer/dryer? I assume that Angee will have some sort of tractor beam? Secondly what calculation does the unit used to make sure you get a perfectly boiled eggs each time? Does the unit peel them to and dispose of the eggshell?
I would be keen to see some unproduced videos of working units from the lab/workshop. I appreciate your reasoning for a for off shipping date, but with this comes the task of having to keep your backers on the edge of their seats and in the know.
I would also be keen to obtain a deeper understanding of Angee's operating system and how to get to units to communicate with other devices such as Arduinos or other microprocessors. Ideally the units will be able to send run commands to microprocessors with pre-written instructions on them to carry out a myriad of predetermined tasks. Using this method it is possible to send a run command to a microprocessor controlling a stepper motor, controlling something like your curtains, sliding door, blinds, Etc. Similarly I would like to be able to ask of the units to lock my doors. A simple commands to a microprocessor controlling either solenoids or electromagnetic door locks is all that is needed to implement this.
Although the Angee team has stated that the units will be compatible with IFTTT and these actions may be possible through this method, I have found a great number of people who questions the security of such transmissions.
Which leads me into my next.
I assume that Angie's firmware will be updated over time, do the backers of the unit benefits from these firmware upgrades? How future proof is the hardware contained within the unit?
Speaking of hardware, there is an outstanding question regarding the higher resolution camera that the unit will enclose. I mentioned in an earlier comment that's an easy and cheap way to extend the visual range of the unit would be to employ strategically placed mirrors. The efficacy of this method is dependent on the visual hardware and motion capture algorithms.
Hey, you know I mentioned I wanted to see some videos from the labs? This would be an and excellent experiment for you guys to run. Simply replace the unit in a corridor and place a mirror so that you can see the units from around the corner. From there you will be able to test Angie's abilities to sense movement using this very easy method.
My apologies for the length of this comment, using speech to text has made this a much easier task for me, however I hope the content is useful to both the creating team and backers alike.
DCreator Angee Inc. on November 27
@Furizu
Fair points! We are well aware of other projects having failed, so we have taken every precaution possible to ensure that Angee is developed not only to high standards, but also on time. Some people have questioned the shipping date being so far after the campaign, but many projects aim for a near shipping date, then consistently fail to meet it. We want to stick to what we have said (or even better, have it ready sooner than expected!)
@Shrink
Those features were meant to be secret! :)Furizu Furenzu on November 26
Shrink,,lol. You must be forgot to take your meds right..!!Shrink on November 26
@Furizu Furenzu
Here's something that will cheer you up‰Û_ I heard a rumor that not only will Angee do everything that the creators save it will do, but it will also cook breakfast, do the laundry, and clean the bathroom.
Don't quote me on this... but stick with it for a while. ;-)Furizu Furenzu on November 26
@Brad and @Shrink, managed to get the Angee team responding. Thanx guys. To be honest, i just want to be comforted from the Creator, as my last backed project are failed and its not a small amount. If i am convinced, will not request for a refund. So, cheer me up guys! lolCreator Angee Inc. on November 26
@Furizu
Apologies for the slow response on your request for a refund. We are not ignoring it, but considering what the best approach to take on this issue is.Shrink on November 26
@Brad Magri-Olson
Yes, Shrink is in desperate need of help! :-P
You are, of course, correct that I was thinking of another project that I have backed.
I'll go take my meds and lie down now‰Û_Brad Magri-Olson on November 25
I think shrink got the wrong project ;) Blocks is another project that Angee is integrating with ;)Furizu Furenzu on November 25
Yow Shrink,
No worries with the auto correct, i like frenzy :D
I visited the meetangee.com website and drop them a message,, as well as theyre facebook page. Not sure what do you mean with Blocks, sorry if i misses something, please help to describe
Thanx ShrinkShrink on November 25
@Furizu Furenzu
My apologies for misspelling your name. I didn't catch the AutoCorrect "correction".
My bad :-(
Philippe Wend 6 days ago
No news, bad news. One more epic fail....sick of it.KS Addict on April 5
Jared -
No need to update your address.. this will never ship.
Paul -
No refunds, they made that clear (that is about the only thing they made clear, haha).
Insomnia -
LOL at "But they can always say they won CES in 3 categories!"Jared Neaves on April 2
I need to change my survey after so many years. If indeed sonovation will send out products.Paul Shabian on April 1
Final Update or refund the money....Insomnia on March 31
By the time they make this thing, USB ports will be legacy and passwords will be obsolete. But they can always say they won CES in 3 categories!KS Addict on March 29
https://youtu.be/fNLhxKpfCnASeth on March 25
Nobody picks up why bother calling!Robert Zander on March 22
Successfully funded 3 years ago today. Sold whatever intellectual material he had to Sonavation in 2015.KS Addict on March 22
Contacting them directly may be more effective than posting to them here.
Sonavation: (561) 209-1201Venkat on March 20
It's been 6 months no update, businesses fail we understand that, responsibility is communication still rests in this campaign to provide us who backed you with some news. Where do you stand in 2016 end of 1st quarter.Michael McKechnie on March 17
Epic fail!KS Addict on March 16
Refunds aren't happening. The money is gone.Paul Shabian on March 15
Refund my money!KS Addict on March 15
+1 @ Christian Mestermann
I also miss the fancy stories Ben would tell us about how everything was going to be alright.Christian Mestermann on March 14
icch miss your Fanciful stories. there is no fairy tale sequel?Robert Zander on March 10
It has been so long, this device is completely outdated. I suspect, its relevance was actually fading at the time this project was being introduced, and the window closed very quickly after that.Norm Rechtman on March 9
I still haven't received anything from this backing, can I just get a refund?KS Addict on March 4
@Jackie Cheng - Ben was a huge success. At making companies and products fail. His Linkedin reads like a bad book.David Taterka on March 3
BTW: Did anyone notice that their only shipping product end users product, the IDKEY X Series, is no longer on their website?Jackie Cheng on March 3
Why even bother. This product was a scam from the start. Ben just wanted free money from all of us. He suckered us and many other investors. Wait awhile and he will do it again with another new company with another new bullsh!t product. Look at his previous companies...all a failure with no actual products/services.David Taterka on March 3
In my opinion, I just don't believe Sonovations has the capital or resources to complete this project. It seems like their main product is their ultrasonic FPR, which they announced at CES last year. A few days later Qualcomm introduced a similar FPR from a prior acquisition of Ultrascan in 2013. Considering how may Smartphones use Qualcomm as a processor, OEMS may go with their FRP as well. Also take into account the other FPR vendors have been in the business much longer than Sonovations, such as Synaptics (Major OEM supplier for years) via their acquisition of Validity. I'm not even bring up all the Asia players makers as well.
FPRs are a very old technology. They became more mainstream in end users hands when IBM started using them in laptops around 1999 (UPEK and Authentech before the Apple acquisition). Sonovation's play may be in the licensing of their technology, but I don't believe they will make it as a hardware player. Since that's the case, this product may never exist outside of the few prototypes. Even if they do produce a hardware product, the software will never come close to the levels of all the other password managers. Sonovation's best bet would be to partner with one of them and not try to reinvent the wheel.
Hopefully, I'm wrong, but considering all the delays and lack of updates, it's probably true.KS Addict on February 29
Trey & Frank - Refunds are never going to happen, Sonavation (IDKEY) made that crystal clear early on when they picked up where Arkami failed / left off.
Oliver - Arkami went bust and is no longer a company. Kickstarter really doesn't care about backers but even if they did there isn't anyone (Arkami) to go after anyway.
It has been crickets from them forever and I doubt we will ever hear from them again.Oliver Irgendwo on February 27
And the Fraud continues! Why nobody puts this people in front of a judge and the responsible in Prison? Years taking money from Backers, years of lies and stories... Kickstarter should STOP those kind of people ASAP! Lets setup a campaign against the responsible people here and publish everywhere what they are doing!Frank Wiley on February 27
Refund
https://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012Trey on February 23
I asked for a refund almost 2 years ago and to date that request has been ignored. I'd say that it is time to write this one off as a lesson learned.BETH H. FRIEDMAN on February 18
Today is 2-28-16. Last "update" was in Sept.2015? Are we STILL going to be "in the dark" on this project to come to fruition? I like to [think] I give the benefit of the doubt, but this has gone way beyond our trust, Dontcha think?
PLEASE TELL US SOMETHING!!!!KS Addict on February 17
also T: (561) 209-1201KS Addict on February 17
I doubt they ever come here to read what we say. Better chance to reach them directly or on social media?
T: (561) 227-2941
F: (561) 209-1202
E: info@idkey.com
https://www.linkedin.com/company/sonavation-inc-/
https://www.facebook.com/sonavation/
https://twitter.com/Sonavation/
https://www.facebook.com/IDKEYbySonavation/
https://twitter.com/idkey/
https://plus.google.com/u/0/103846177634101162951/about/Howard on February 16
I emailed their customer support for money back and there is no reply what so ever...
They lied, took my money and avoided contact!waiting almost 3 years now. on February 11
Any activity whatsoever?KS Addict on February 11
These clowns couldn't program the correct time on a VCR. This project is beyond dead. No refunds as the money has long been spent. No product because Ben Chen and crew are serial failures. No communication because Slopavation knows this is a flop and there is nothing they can/will do to make good to the kickstarter backers. The product is 2 years obsolete by now and you'd have to be a moron to trust any product/code they would put out anyway.
.
last facebook post = July 29, 2015
http://www.facebook.com/IDKEYbySonavation
.
last twitter post = Nev. 3, 2015 ("Alive and well" = haha yeah, right)
https://twitter.com/IDKEY/status/661625979073335297Charles Ebert on February 11
"If we are able to develop the IDKEY‰ã¢ M-Series device to our
satisfaction..."
If?
Wow, I believe that's the first time Sonovation has admitted that they might not be able to pull this off. Previous communications had led me to believe they were in the testing and approval stage but if they're still trying to get it to work, that's not a good thing.Ze Wong on February 10
replybot
The technology we acquired from Arkami was not fully developed and had
design flaws. If we are able to develop the IDKEY‰ã¢ M-Series device to our
satisfaction and to obtain the necessary certifications and approvals to
begin supplying them to consumers, Sonavation‰Ûªs plan is to deliver the
device to Arkami‰Ûªs Kickstarter backers. We expect to provide updates
concerning our development progress when appropriate. We are not issuing
refunds at this time.
Thank You,
Sonavation TeamChristian Mestermann on February 6
More Lies!?!Ullothere! on February 5
@Lee
Agree! too late!Lee Friedman on February 3
This product is past it's prime. I gave up and got 1Password and Dropbox. I have 256 encrypted database on Dropbox and 1Password on all my devices. This gives me security, access to usernames and passwords, backups and a quick and useful tool without a USB key that I may lose. It was a good idea but now I wash my hand sof it.Trogdor on January 27
@Ronald
"You think every one should just suck it up and let it go on."
If your statement above applies to my comment to you: I never said you should suck it up and let go. Quote to me where I said that to you.
It comes down to practicality. Is it worth suing/class action over a few hundred bucks? No. You'll have a hard time banding people together enough to do it and the lawyers and costs will kill any return. I know -- I'm on another project where someone is trying to crowd fund legal action with a $10k goal. We're 25% there. And yes, I contributed a good sum to the fund.
Attempt a charge back on your credit card. Find the creator location and serve them. Go small claims.
Ultimately KS is a crap shoot. You're giving money to some entity based on their ability to convince YOU to do so. Perhaps you pick shitty projects -- I don't know [I've got a few that suck so I'm not immune from this]. Perhaps it was luck of the draw.
We agree this project sucks right now. We agree that there are both good and bad folks on KS. I suggest that you vote with your money in future.
2c -- continue to vent if it helps.Ronald Harrington on January 27
I now see how they take care of opinionsRonald Harrington on January 27
This is what I my self think. You think every one should just suck it up and let it go on. And thats the way it is, I am not talking about this pledge I am talking about the hole system in general it's starting to become a pot of gold for thieves if no one has control or restrictions and any accountability for their actions. It will be a great injustice to all the smart an creative people out there that don't get backed because people start to be afraid of being duped. I am done, I will just sit back and watch a good thing go BAD and keep my two cents to my self. : thank youTrogdor on January 27
@Ronald
Here's the thing: Any good lawyer will tell you to keep your mouth shut. There is no incentive whatsoever for these folks to update us. Anything they say can and will be used against them.
You're backing something really based upon someones word that they'll do something. Stuff can go wrong, they can be dishonest, etc.
Does it suck what happened here? Absolutely. Was there dishonesty/fraud? I don't know -- but I do believe (after the fact) Arkami was incompetent and wasted a lot of time and money.
Our new overlords appear to have run into problems too. The common person in the equation is Benny Chen. I can't say if he's hurt...or helped. I don't have the information I'd need. Just an observation...Ronald Harrington on January 27
I don't know about you but this is not my first loss, I bet there are a lot more backers of a great many failed projects on backing companies out there.They are suppose to have working prototypes and know what they are doing before not after getting are money. I have backed 9 projects in 3yr of which only one was delivered on time and worked like it was suppose to, another no longer worked with my phone because they changed it, and all the others I am still waiting to get. As long as anyone can do a good pitch and make money and not be accountable this is just going to get worse, and the companies make their money ether way and again not accountable. Don't get me wrong there a lot of good legit projects but they're also bad apples that need to be sorted out and I do under stand unforeseen things happen, but they at least can answer are emails and keep us informed. This is just my thoughts and beliefs,I hate to see a good thing go bad,it can be a great tool for great products.Charles Ebert on January 26
Ronald Harrington, who are you going to sue? Arkami isn't a thing anymore and Sonovation has stepped in at the request of Benjamin Chen to at least try and get us something out of this. I know there's a lot of resentment toward Ben but at least he's trying. Kickstarter? I'm sure that legally, they are well protected against these kinds of lawsuits. They couldn't do business if they weren't. Plus I'm into this for $99, more than I want to lose, but seriously that's about a morning's worth of billable hours for a good attorney. Even a class action suit is going to be throwing good money after bad. I've just put this down to a learning experience and I'm much more careful about what I invest in these days.Ronald Harrington on January 25
So how many of you want to go in on a class action against them and get are money back? I don't know about you but I am getting tired of being ripped off on Kickstarter and Indiegogo this needs to stop.KS Addict on January 25
Latest version of MYIDKEY just announced:
http://www.magicmode.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/post-it-note.jpgRMP on January 24
Good luck guys!Ronald Harrington on January 21
more like 3 yearsEdgar Arroyo on January 16
Almost two years in the making and still no guesstimate of when it will ship. Bad planing, bad customer support - in all a major fail! I get that things take time and unexpected problems come up but guys its been two years! Get it together and either deliver or refund!KS Addict on January 15
@Geoffrey Tom - The one, and only, thing they have been upfront and clear to communicate is that they will absolutely not offer any refunds to kickstarter backers.Geoffrey Tom on January 14
How do we get a refund?Christian Mestermann on January 8
hey, it's time for new April Fools. and incredible delaying tactics
Funkyp 4 days ago
Guys,
Any ETA on delivery?
I don't care about certification as long as it can work with 220v.
it has been years already, my smarthome is smart with other systems because of this delay and i'm starting to wonder whether i will ever get my wigwag.
Please send me a prompt answer by PM.
ThanksFamilia Guzman 5 days ago
You can also see more updates here http://talk.wigwag.com/Familia Guzman 5 days ago
Yes I received my relay and filament bulbs and they work. The app is very polished, relay and bulbs are premium quality. The software has bugs here and there but they are working on it pushing updates every few weeks. Real testing will start when Sensor blocks start shipping and we can start making automated rules based on triggers (motion,temp,luminosity time of day etc) . Right now all you can do is turn the bulbs on and off from your phone. I was able to connect a lumitron Zwave dimmer that works very well as well.Jeffrey smith 7 days ago
Any new updates? Are items really shipping?
Has anyone within the community received theirs?Luke Kwan on April 4
I submitted all required information a while back but have not heard back since then. Can someone provide an update? Hopefully, we don't have to wait until 2017...Dovetail Technology on April 4
@WigWag - The timeline in your shipping update stated that by the end of March you would have shipped 250 Relays. Has this target been hit?
@Everyone else - Has anyone received theirs? What do you think of it?saxnix on March 30
This could be a good Kickstarter for anyone with window horizontal/vertical blinds. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jalousier/flipflic. Zigbee compatible.Tamir E. on March 25
Im not surprised that I still havent gotten mine yet. The company has really dragged its feet with this product...and theyre doing it again with shipping. Woopdey doo.Vijay Bah on March 17
Thanks @Dovetail. My Rewards page says delivered. Wonder why???Dovetail Technology on March 16
@Vijay - This happens when people back the campaign but then retract their funding before the campaign finishes. The backer number they are assigned is not reused when someone new backs the project.
As for your second question, I wish I knew!Vijay Bah on March 16
How come my backer no is 1717 when the total number of backers is only 1694..When am going to receive my shipmentDovetail Technology on March 11
@Celestino, what's wrong with DHL? I use them for all of my shipping and they give me impeccable service.Celestino Galan Couto on March 10
Don't send via DHL, please!!!!!!!Richard Mines on March 7
I've been trying to understand whether International shipping is going to be a charged extra - in the original campaign it was, but in the recent survey that went out it wasn't listed. I've asked on the forum and emailed WW, but no reply. Possibly I've missed some info so apologies if so, but if someone can confirm that would be good. If it is charged can WW add it to the survey so we can calculate the total correctly.saxnix on February 26
@WigWag Congratulations to the whole team on the funding announcement.
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160225005387/en/WigWag-Secures-3.175-Million-Seed-Funding-BridgeCreator WigWag on February 25
@Dovetail For your questions #'s 2 &3 please go to this KS Update as it contains a shipping schedule: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/wigwag/wigwag-scan-it-control-it-rule-it-share-it/posts/1465667
For your question #1: From the exact post the link went to "We are going to split shipments for the February batch as it is very logical to do so. Since the next 50 Relays to ship out will not include other KS rewards it is only natural we will provide a split shipment. Later on, when we start shipping Sensors (April/May) it makes sense that we ship to early backers who pledged for Sensors over splitting shipments to a backer who pledged for Glowlines without Sensors. I hope this helps clear up this topic."
This is a comment feed and as such offers little utility beyond a real time discussion of whatever topic comes up. It also has no ability to be searched past the first 15-20 comments making it a horrible tool for FAQ.
For anything that is a personal question regarding your reward please email support@wigwag.com
For anything you believe should be part of our FAQ please either visit wigwag.com or talk.wigwag.com.Dovetail Technology on February 25
@WigWag - That link takes you to a page consisting of 39 separate posts, none of which give any clear answer to @Andrew's questions.
I really do not understand your reluctance to answer questions here. Could you please answer the following questions, bearing in mind the answers will require less characters than yet another talk.wigwag link.
1. Will you be shipping things as they are ready or waiting till every item for a backer is ready? Answers: Multi shipments/Single shipment
2. When is the earliest you anticipate starting to ship? Answer: A date
3. When do you anticipate having all backer rewards complete? Answer: A dateCreator WigWag on February 24
@Andrew http://talk.wigwag.com/t/wigwag-is-shipping-rewards-logistics-questions-and-answers/520/24Andrew Drummond on February 24
what's the timeline for shipping based on a filled out survey being completed? Will my order ship complete or as items are available? I would prefer as available.Jeremy Halvorsen on February 23
Got my relay and filiment lights at least, playing with the ios app, and there's this in the latest branch....
Known issues:
- Rules are broken at the moment. Fix in works.
- Devices do not get state data on initial login.
Um, rules are literally the only reason I need the iphone app.
So you guys aren't quite missing anything yet, they're still working on it.Creator WigWag on February 16
@CBY - certainly looking at IFTTT support in the future, but we need the core features discussed in the campaign delivered and working first.Naeem K on February 16
Still no information on when they will send survey outCreator WigWag on February 11
@CBY and @William There is a link to the survey in the last backer update.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/wigwag/wigwag-scan-it-control-it-rule-it-share-it/posts/1465667saxnix on February 11
Obviously here is the place to post questions about the survey/kickstarter fulfillment, but you will probably have more luck over on http://talk.wigwag.com/ for questions about product features as the devs post there more regularly.CBY on February 11
And what about IFTTT support ? Planned ?CBY on February 11
I second :
William Lee Fowler 1 day ago
I didn't get a backer survey... Are you only releasing them as you ship out each pledge?
I have not received it either ??? What gives ?William Lee Fowler on February 10
I didn't get a backer survey... Are you only releasing them as you ship out each pledge?Creator WigWag on February 4
@Thiago - The filaments and glowlines will work on both 110v and 220v. The filaments have an A19 Edison Screw (this is the most common). So, you can just screw them in and they will work. When we ship the glowlines, they will have the correct connector for the country.Thiago Montenegro on February 3
Sorry, filaments and glowlines. Are they 220V too?Thiago Montenegro on February 3
Are bulbs and filaments 220V compatible?Creator WigWag on February 3
@Tamir - It's a SSL site, and no one can see your results, unless you share the unique link with them given at the end. However, if you have any concerns you can also email us (support [at] wigwag.com] or KS direct message. We are watching all of these. We will _not_ collect any payment through this site, if you have additional items you would like. That will be done via Amazon payment and Paypal.Tamir E. on February 2
Thanks for sending me the final survey to collect my address, but how secure is this page? It looks like a Google Doc rather than a backer kit. Is this safe to submit my details?Tegan Sax on February 2
Congrats on getting to this stage.Familia Guzman on February 2
@Jesse just don't fill it out the survey at all, maybe you'll get a refund 5 years from now. This way someone that actually wants their rewards will take your place in line. Good luckJesse on February 2
Yah they are shipping! What's the proper way to fill out the new shipping survey if you want a refund instead of product?Naeem K on January 28
I wonder who in the picture from Wigwag website is responsible for lousy backers relationship? (they will probably take down picture from the website now, lol)
http://talk.wigwag.com/t/kickstarter-early-bird-beta-test-units-have-been-shipped/453
lets guess everyoneNaeem K on January 28
Backers,
WigWag will probably never ship to people who rightfully requested for refund or complained. I know (yes know) they care for original backers. They used us as ladder.Bob Cunningham on January 27
"Now for ten years we've been on our own
And moss grows fat on a rollin' stone
But that's not how it used to be"O.D. van de Veer on January 25
Want a refund, product is obsolete for me nowMartin Bauza on January 24
Nearly five months since the last update. Embarrassing.Burton Strauss III on January 18
Another year... where is my whatever the heck it was that I backed? Some magic IoT thingy??????Tunc Yalgin on January 17
I would like a refund.Tyler Griesinger on January 15
So... Google Now on my phone has been tracking any updates from talk.wigwag.com for me and may have relieved some good news before it is officially posted :P There is an unlisted article on Kickstarter rewards shipping and logistics here: http://talk.wigwag.com/t/wigwag-is-shipping-rewards-logistics-questions-and-answers/520
It's clearly preliminary as all of the links inside point to other articles with gibberish. Nevertheless it is very exciting to see.
Keep up the good work WigWag! I can't wait to put your product to use.ERIC on January 12
I asked for refund and got the following answer "we are not able to provide refunds for Kickstarter backers" and more infos will follow within weeks. The good news is: there are at least some people at wigwag answering mails.Benjamin on January 12
@Chris why would you still be waiting? I highly recommend SmartThings and Philips Hue for lights. Have 22 hue lights running with SmartThings through IFTTT and they work very well.David Black on January 8
Bob
See http://talk.wigwag.com/t/wigwagco-github/510
And
http://talk.wigwag.com/t/what-happened-to-wigwag-add-ons/439/5
For updates from wigwag in the past 2-3 days on these topics
DavidBob Cunningham on January 7
Would you (wigwag) at least post some technical details for those of us who want to make wigwag-compatible devices?
And when will DeviceJS ever be made public? At this point, that should have little or nothing to do with the shipping schedule.
Of course, there is the chance that wigwag doesn't want any compatible devices made, and that they are making a closed world for their own devices and whatever other devices they choose to support.
No hardware, no useful developer information. Nil, nada, zilch.
Just occasional useless comments vaguely promising something sometime in the indeterminate future. Like that's never happened before.
I bet their lawyer is just as bad as their management. Let's see what happens on that front.lk on January 7
I would like a refund of my pledge.Dovetail Technology on January 7
@WigWag - Given the level of bad blood there is what exactly is preventing you from posting your estimated shipping timeline? I accept this may change when you get to whatever you are "very close to" but you surely must have some idea. Why not share this with us?
And by "us" I mean your backers who made it possible for you to proceed with this project. You remember us? If so, why not click that "Post Update" button on the menu to your left and engage with us?Creator WigWag on January 6
@Marc V A program such as this is in the works. We should be able to speak on it at the same time we release the shipping schedule.
RL on April 5
Awaiting your apps updateCreator Pebblebee on April 1
@Mike Ballon - Please contact us at http://pebblebee.com/contact/ so our support team can look into this for you.Mike Ballon on March 30
Still waiting on mine...MaxStarter on March 30
I've updated the app, range and connectivity has improved. Can be in front of the house and connect to my Hornet upstairs at the back. Can also calibrate the temperature now.H.T. on March 29
@Anthony,
Totally agree with you, I just update my android app to see if there is any improvement.
Sadly to say it is simply a joke! I have 5 Dragons and all of them are useless, I am using LG V10, LG G3 and Samsung Note 2, but none of them can get the Dragons work properly as stated by our creator.
Basically the Dragons have to stay within 2 feet to your phone, or it will discounted right away.
Even though you sit right next to it, it will also disconnect unexpectedly.
I am going to throw them away soon, and I will tell all of my friends not to buy any JUNK from them ever!!!Anthony L. Dremo on March 24
To be honest, this project is already dead to me. I don't even know where my PebbleBee Hornet is anymore. It's now been over 2 months since an app update. We barely have any of the functions we were promised and the few we do work "iffy" at best. Stop talking about "future updates" and make it happen. Sick of hearing about things over and over again that never happen. What a failure of a project. Completely disappointing and this is one of 2 projects that made me loose all faith in KickStarter.Creator Pebblebee on March 21
@Duncan Elliott - Yes, @MaxStarter's recommendation is ours as well. Our support team is always happy to troubleshoot any specific issues you're seeing with your phone or device.MaxStarter on March 18
To be honest, not everyone is having problems. Probably best to contact support and they'll invite you to send in error logs that will help improve the app for your phone. •À_Duncan Elliott on March 18
So after two years and $200,000 the product is still struggling to do even the basic functions promised. I keep checking back for updates and all I see is "it's fixed in the next app update". When is this holy grail of updates due?Creator Pebblebee on March 14
@H.T. - We are aware of the motion alert sound issue and will have a fix for it in an app update. Additionally, the motion alert is programmed to be disabled for 10 minutes after you dismiss it. This is to prevent frequent alerts if the device is in a state of constant motion. As always, if you need support with your device, please reach out to us at http://pebblebee.com/contact/ and we would be happy to provide troubleshooting assistance.H.T. on March 13
@Creator,
The dragon is totally RUBBISH. Won't work at all!!!!
1) I was sitting right next to the Dragon, probably 20cm away from it, my phone keep alert me it is "Out of Range" that I was forced to turn the app off.
2) The motion alert will only give you an on screen notification without any alert sound? Are we supposed to keep our eyes on the phone screen all the time to monitor the dragon?....Stupid!
3) The motion Alert is programmed to turn off for 10 minutes after the first trigger?.....Not suppose to!Creator Pebblebee on March 11
@Lewis - Please contact us at http://pebblebee.com/contact/ so our support team can look into this for you.Steven H on March 10
@Creator: "Cough" Open source.Lewis Laing on March 10
@creator: Dragons finally arrived, but missing wireless charger. Could you please advise when it will be sent?
thanks.Creator Pebblebee on March 8
@H.T. - While we do appreciate your willingness to provide such candid feedback, we don't believe this mistake should be considered lying. We made a small error with our manuals and appreciate you bringing it to our attention.H.T. on March 8
@Creator,
Once again!!! Prove you are just lying to your backer!
You did not even put your full effort to improve the function of our Dragon, just copy and paste the manual from iOS to Android without adding the necessary function to it!
Pebblebee says:
Are you using Android or iOS? If you're using Android, the yellow calibration button is not currently available. We did check and the Android manual incorrectly lists that option currently; thank you for bringing that to our attention. Our Android team is working on adding that in an upcoming update.
Best,
Team PebblebeeH.T. on March 7
Anyone knows how to calibrate the orientation? I don't see any yellow button? Where is it?Creator Pebblebee on March 7
@Danny, @Duncan - We're always working to improve your product and app experience. It sounds like you're having a couple issues that we would love to help you with and or hear more about. If you can, reach out to us at: https://pebblebee.com/contactDanny Convery on March 4
Having received mine after almost 2 years of waiting I'd agree with those that say it's nothing special. Hell, the "calibration" is a black screen which does nothing at all on mine, the LED produces barely any light through the case, and it'll warn me that the Hornet is getting lost ... when it's less than a foot away in my pocket. Well done guys. •À_Duncan Elliott on March 4
Always gave you guys the benefit of the doubt and defended the long waits to others saying that you didn't want to ship a half finished product.
Having now received my hornet I find it is, as others have said, basically useless. So far all it will do is flash and beep when it feels it wants to and give me a movement notification only if the app is open. Aside from that it figures it's around 120 degrees in my flat and has no clue about its own orientation despite many recalibrations. Disappointed in product as a hole because so much was promised yet so little delivered.Creator Pebblebee on March 3
@H.T. - As our team grew, we were able to take on new challenges and projects, but we did not take resources away from our Honey/Hornet/Dragon project. It is because of our backer's generous contributions that we were able to grow, and we will never forget that. The user manuals for the Dragon/Hornet (iOS and Android) are on our website (pebblebee.com/manuals). We update our app as often as we can with bug fixes, enhancements and improvements.
@RL - Please reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com so we can help you with the issues you're having.H.T. on March 1
@Creator,
You took our money in order to grow your company, and put most of your energy to made new product "Stone", but ignore your early backers who did help you to start.
Where is the update android app for our Dragon?????????????
Where is the official manual for Dragon????????????????????
You should optimize the app to work properly for Honey, Hornet and Dragon first, not your so called "Stone"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RL on March 1
I give up for my dead honeys already and hope my hornets will better and functions, but they (hornets) also have there individual character. When i use the sound or flash function to find the hornets, it didnt work more than one time. I need to switch to hornet #2 or #3 and then turn back to #1 to function. And sometimes side by side all hornets with my phone can not connected automatically within a minute and need awaiting which one and wich time like to connect my phone.
@PebbleBee team, i totally disappointed PebbleBee family members and dont want to lost my important things with honeys or hornets, can i return all of them to you and get half refund?Creator Pebblebee on February 29
@Pan - Please reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this issue for you.Roger Sharp on February 28
Hi Branden, Thanks, I thought that I must have slipped in an invisible, subliminal phrase. ;)pan on February 26
Hi. May I know when will I receive my dragon. I did not receive any mail\email about shipping. It's been more than 12 months...Branden G on February 26
Maxstarter - that's not the issue. If they changed their minds and decided now it would hurt their business that's their decision it's their business... But.... then they need refund those backers who backed based on being told they would make the code open source. Again this doesn't affect me I'm just sick and tired of watching creators ignore valid backer concerns to keep a few extra $$$ in their pocket. If they weren't prepared to make it open source that should never have been mentioned during the campaign. Although project creators do not have to refund any backers a responsible project creator would, could and should refund a backer with a valid concern.Branden G on February 26
Hahaha I don't think you guys understood Rogers commentCreator Pebblebee on February 25
@MaxStarter, @Roger - We appreciate your understanding and continued support.MaxStarter on February 25
Agree Roger. The Pebblebee exists in a market that is getting very full. To standout requires an advantage, and if they've invested a lot of time and money in their own code, then right now it wouldn't make sense to give that to your competitors.Roger Sharp on February 25
Ha Ha giving your source code to your competitors would be a perfect sabotage! It would eff them up completely.Branden G on February 23
I have to agree with beat and think you should be giving him and anyone else who backed your project on the open source stretch goal a refund.
It's fine that you now have 'changed your mind' but you need to give those backers a refund as you solicited their investment under false pretenses. I personally didn't back for open source but feel bad for all those who did based on what now turns out to be a totally fabricated stretch goal you never intended on following through with.Gargreg on February 23
I believe I'm not the only one having this problem. You should have received tons of complains, including your Pebble Stone (e.g. un-satisfy material used, can't connect while phone in standby mode etc.), and they sound so similar to PB. You can understand our frustration ? But why you did not get them right in the first place ? If I'm the only one facing this issue, then it could be one off .. now even your PB Stone also having connection issues. Please get it right .. and don't "push" it back to your backers (or rather "Testers").Anthony L. Dremo on February 22
"We should have an app update out soon" to fix a few issues. That was 3 weeks ago. Losing all faith in this project really quickly. If it takes a month or more to fix a few issues, are we looking at years to get the features we paid for?Creator Pebblebee on February 22
@Gargreg - Your frustrations are not going unheard. We would like to help you with any of the issues you're having. Please contact us at support@pebblebee.com so we can better assist you.
@Beat - We do not intend on providing our raw code as that continues to change on a daily basis and that is our main competitive advantage. We are not just an idea company, we are a product company and thanks to you and all backers, we have come a long way from our KS project. We take your feedback very seriously which has improved our Honey product tremendously over the year, but we are not able to publicly give away our code. We hope you can agree that giving away our trade secret to our competition is detrimental and won't help our cause in continuing to grow and providing you with great products. We do plan on providing access to our Honey/Hornet/Dragon API which will provide you with all approved features that a developer would need to access. We will also provide sample code using API calls. That's all you really need to control your Honey/Hornet/Dragons. If you have any other questions or concerns, please let us know at support@pebblebee.com
@Max - To calibrate the device temperature, tap and hold the thermometer on the details view. Location pairing is currently not available on Android, but we plan to add this feature in a future update. If you are just trying to change the name of your Pebblebee devices, you can tap the Pencil icon on the details view and assign it a specific name. If you have any other questions or need support for your device. Please send us an email at support@pebblebee.com.Gargreg on February 21
I don't think we are asking for anything more, at least the tags are able to function as per your campaign video, unfortunately, you can't get your system right .. not even the most fundamental feature such as stable connection. Like what Beat had mentioned, is a piece of plastic now .. the more I try, the more I get frustrated !!Beat on February 16
@Creator: Please read https://opensource.org/osd for definition of Open-source and read again your stretch goals commitments (no need to remove them, screenshots taken for the lawyers in case you don't deliver your promises). APIs are NOT open-source. Don't take us as fools please.
I want the sources of your Android and the iOS apps delivered as open-source, as promised, or my money back. I have backed this campaign only on the (apparently false promise) that the apps will be open-source. Without that I do not have any use. Simply message me here at KS the instructions to return you all the PebbleBees and refund me.MaxStarter on February 16
@Creator I have your app version 2.6 installed using Android 5.1 My phone is due an update to Android OS 6.0 at some future date. I've downloaded the Pebblebee instructions and on my version of the app, there is no option to calibrate the temperature, or tag locations with labels like 'work' etcCreator Pebblebee on February 15
@Max - Thanks for the feedback, Max! Did you calibrate the temperature of the Hornet?
@Likeicelemontea - Motion Alerts should still fire even if the device is not actively connected to the App. Motion Tracking should be part of a future update. Stay tuned.
@Greg - We are targeting Summer 2016 for the release of the Dragon/Hornet API. (Hopefully sooner!)
@Beat - We are happy to provide troubleshooting support for any issues you‰Ûªre having. We are still committed to creating and releasing API as soon as it‰Ûªs ready. Regarding the permissions we ask for, they‰Ûªre all required for the uses of our products. If there is a specific feature you have questions about, our support team is happy to provide assistance. support@pebblebee.com.
@Alex - If you‰Ûªre having any issues with your devices or our App, please reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com and we would be happy to answer your questions and provide troubleshooting help.
@Michelle - Please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can investigate this issue for you.MaxStarter on February 14
Got a new phone and a more current version of Android OS. Have claimed my Hornet now and it does work OK as a finder tag, beeps and flashes OK. The temperature reading differs from my Honey though. Range seems to have improved now I have a more current OS. Hopefully future app updates should add more functionalityLikeicelemontea on February 14
where is motion tracking? and say i place the tag in luggage how do i know if its moving or not.. also it keeps disconnecting even when i'm 5 feet awayGreg Paton on February 14
Where can the iOS source be found?Beat on February 12
I got 6 pieces of plastic today, finally. Probably the only reusable part, The wireles charger, is missing. The open-source Android App is missing too. And the Android App in the Play store is asking for basically full acess to all of my phone's private data. NO WAY! I have lost trust in you guys, and would like to send back your plastic for a refund. Otherwise, I will probably contact Open-Source lawyers I know and also look for a class action. Hope we don't have to end there.Alex Sindalovsky on February 12
Hey guys...
Just got my hornet yesterday - and after testing it I came to the conclusion that t totally worthless :(
I love the design of the app - but it's not practical at all...
I can't turn off the "crowd GPS" that eat my battery life - WTF?.
the hornet is allways at "Disconnected" state.
the "Beep" / "Flash" buttons not working at all.
the compass arrow shows any but the right position of the hornet - same for the gyroscope.
what is "pebblebee camera" & what it good for me? - just a regular camera display on the app, more battery life, more useless permissions & space....
also, what helps me the speed sensor if I can't see the state anywhere?
overall - I'm very dissapointed from that product - I think that it's not worth half of the money I paid for it :(H.T. on February 11
@Creator,
I have sent a request for returning the 5 dragons from pre-order to your support team but still have not received any response, please follow up and let me know the correct procedure to get the refund, thksMichelle Stapleton on February 11
I got no charger with my dragon which I paid forRoger Sharp on February 10
Oh now I see the charging indicator.
The charger was in bright sunlight before, which masked it.
When charging there is a red glowing patch on the white area, opposite side to where the blue is brightest. It is quite faint, but easy to see when you know what you are looking for.Creator Pebblebee on February 9
@Konrad - Please contact us at support@pebblebee.com so we can further investigate this issue for you.
@Anthony - The Hornet and Dragon were ambitions projects for us. We've learned a lot on the way and are continuing to make progress as we go. Your frustrations have not gone unheard.
@David - Please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this for you.
@Gargreg, @Joshua, @Tony - Thank you for your candid thoughts and feedback.
@Rogere - As always, thank you for your support!
@Branden - Though faint, there is a red LED that will display when the Dragon/Hornet is charging. When it's charged the red LED will disappear. (If you cup your hands around the device while it's charging it's much easier to see the LEDs.) As far as average charge, our testing shows that if the device is being used frequently it should last about 2 days. If it's being used as a tracker with normal use it can last months without needing a recharge.
@Mat - We're here to help! Please contact us at support@pebblebee.com so we can try and troubleshoot these issues with you.Konrad on February 9
@creator. After checking the status on UPSP.com, I learned that the device was sent to Saudi Arabia i.s.o. The Netherlands. Could you please look into this?Anthony L. Dremo on February 8
You know, I was accepting of the fact that the project was extremely late right up until they launched another campaign when this one was nowhere near ready. Now, almost 2 years overdue, we still have a 1/2 baked product. As others have stated, our devices do almost nothing that they said they would do. I know that (hopefully) updates will take care of this but they had plenty of time to work it out. As far as what I have now, I might as well not even have the device. It does nothing that I want/need it to do. Why rush to send out a device that has little purpose? Not trying to start a rant, but this is where I'm at with this project.
Also, about a year ago, I was walking through the local Target when I spotted the standard PebbleBee. I kinda chuckled and thought "Man, they already have these in retail but haven't even finalized a design for my Hornet yet."
Creator XY-FindIt on February 29
@David and @Toby,
We're sorry to hear you're having these issues. The battery life on our current units is 6 months to a year, depending on use. Can you both send us an email at contact@xyfindit.com to arrange a replacement?Toby Newbanks on February 16
I'm an original backer also and I had to retire these too. I couldn't keep up with the batteries. It literally seemed like they were dead within a month and when you have 6 active- you're replacing batteries constantly. Like previous comments- I ordered bulk from Amazon- Can't keep up so they're done.David Rios on February 14
One of the original backers here. Also faithful user of TestFlight and always install latest version (quite frequent).
I have to say, and it's painful, that these devices eat batteries. I mean like monthly. Bought a huge amount of these, and basically ordering batteries in bulk from AMZN. Battery gauge works to tell me to put new one in. Gave a couple to family members and they gave up. Tough break, really.Mark Sean Lorey on January 16
Please let's hear from others that have tried to use in the real world...
Also think I will make a YouTube vid.Mark Sean Lorey on January 16
Also had to buy new battery, but now they are going on eBay and they can be someone else's lossMark Sean Lorey on January 16
Tried to use this week on vacation and what a piece of crap!! They work only if your within 5 feet and not in a outer pocket of a suitcase! Biggest waste of cash!!!!Creator XY-FindIt on December 1
@Chris.
Please check your email associated with this account- it looks like there was an error in processing your payment when you upgraded to the 7-pack. Please let me know via email how you'd like to proceed.
Sorry for the mixup and thanks for your support!
JohnnyChris Stieber on November 30
Hey! I backed this project a long long long time ago... i haven't received anything? Can someone help me?Creator XY-FindIt on October 29
@Randy,
I'm very sorry to hear you're experiencing technical difficulties with the beeping function. We'd be happy to assist you until any and all issues are fully resolved. First, I'd like to make sure you're using the latest version of the XY app because we have made some enhancements that may help address the issue you experienced with the app not connecting when you try to activate the beeping function. May I ask which version of the app you're currently using?
Regarding the sound your beacon emits, we have two different sounds available right now May I ask if the sound your beacon emits is a steady beeping or is it more like a melody? If you would prefer to try a beacon with a different sound, we'd be happy to assist you with an exchange. Our main goal is for you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase.
Could you send us an email at contact@xyfindit.com? Please include what phone or device you're using and the version of the app. The app version can be found in the "feedback" section of the app.
Thanks for your feedback - we hope we can get this sorted out to your satisfaction!Randy Sid on October 26
I got the items and it doesn't work well.
Sometimes doesn't go off and, when it does, the sound is so faint you can only hear it when it's absolutely quiet. I tested this in public and it's worthless. After an Internet search I found that dozens of people are making a similar competing device and none of them seem to work very well.
In a nutshell, it's not proprietary, not original and not ready for prime time.Phillip Wilkie on September 15, 2015
I have just checked kickstarter and it says you haven't sent the survey yet so wondering when this is going to happen?Matt Otto on August 25, 2015
Did you guys give up on this project and trying to shift the company to a different place? If so good luck!Creator XY-FindIt on August 19, 2015
@Azhrei--The status reading of the XY beacon shouldn't affect the battery life so we apologize that the batteries didn't last as long as expected. We're constantly working on enhancements to the XY app to improve the user experience and improving battery life is one of them.Azhrei on August 9, 2015
Well I've had to replace the battery again, it lasted a bit over 2 months total. Also, the low battery warning never went off. I do normally keep my phone upstairs and my keys downstairs so the beacon is at the extreme range of the phone (xy says it's "very far"), I wonder if that somehow impacts battery life? I want to like these beacons but if it dies again in 2 months I don't know if I'll keep feeding it batteries.Henry Tan on July 21, 2015
Guys. The app on Note3 has flaws.
The left button menu box is unable to see any text.
And is the feature to report lost of XY to community is remove?
I'm unable to find that function.Creator XY-FindIt on June 2, 2015
@Alice - Can you make sure your beacon is not set to Mute? If it isn't, please submit an inquiry to us via your in-app Feedback found in your Menu, and we can get that over to our developer right away.Alice Day on May 30, 2015
Finally replaced my batteries that had gone dead without me noticing and was testing out the new batteries--Why would one of my beacons make the beeping sound with no issue and the other not make a sound at all? Both are detected by the app with no problem.Creator XY-FindIt on May 24, 2015
@Azhrei & @Gouzou - We truly appreciate your candid feedback. This is definitely high on our list of things to consider, as we have heard similar feedback to yours, and do want it to be easy for users to manage. I'll be relaying your feedback to the appropriate individuals.
@Gouzou - The battery reading feature is coming for iOS soon! I'll also be making sure to relay your enhancement idea about the personalized tones to the appropriate team member.Gouzou on May 24, 2015
Or maybe a well placed screw might also do the job for an easier way to open it.
I also miss a low batt feature. Quite a lot actually.
Thank you team for allowing me to locate the tags when not connected to the Internet abroad.
Personalized sorted groups of beacons would also be great, as a list sorted by proximity.
Any chance to put a personalized tone for the localization song?
Cheers guysAzhrei on May 23, 2015
So I've finally gotten around to replacing the batteries in some of my beacons that had apparently been dead for over a month. I'm assuming they died before the low battery notification feature went in, but if it was in the app already, well, it didn't work. I guess I'll find out after they die the next time.
While the beacons do their job just fine, I gotta say that despite doing it multiple times now, I still mangle the beacon's plastic opening. Please keep this in mind for any future version you guys make, as I wouldn't be surprised if I've broken the water seal on at least one of mine trying to get it open. I've found I need to use exactly the correct size screwdriver or I just make large gouges in the soft plastic. I actually like the feel of the plastic but please think about reinforcing that opening slot with some much harder material in the future.Creator XY-FindIt on May 21, 2015
@Liam - We'd be happy to assist you with this. I will be emailing you to the email address we have on your Kickstarter profile shortly.Creator XY-FindIt on May 21, 2015
@Magnus - Your beacons use replaceable CR2032 batteries. They are technically water resistant, therefore a little tricky to open.
Here's a link to help you open your beacons: https://www.youtube.com/watch‰Û_Liam Kelly on May 21, 2015
Is there a way to reset the beacon, I had one claimed on an old account, but i lost the password for that account, so i made a new account, but the beacon is still claimed to the old account.Magnus Alexander Lie on May 20, 2015
All of my tags (7 pcs...) is also out of battery. The first tag i received, the "XY compatible tag" ment as a sample is still working. Yaay...Creator XY-FindIt on May 18, 2015
@David - I'm so sorry to hear that your beacon was out of battery just when you needed it. We've already implemented low battery notifications on our Android app, and iOS is next, as we do understand the importance of knowing when a battery is running low. I have just emailed you directly, as we have some questions for you. Re: battery life--Initially--back when we came on Kickstarter--testing, among other factors, suggested a longer battery life. However, we came to find that this was not the case as the product evolved. Our developers are currently exploring our options to address this, as we do understand it is a lot shorter than expected.David Renton on May 17, 2015
Batteries lasting less than3 months, with a published 12 months life?? Just when I really needed to use my XY, the darn thing was out of life - lost keys and wasted money.Creator XY-FindIt on May 7, 2015
@Matt - We're sorry you feel that way. This is something that is high on our list, and we hope to improve this in the future. Thank you for your candid feedback.Matt Otto on May 7, 2015
Pretty lame this device dies after three months due to batteries. Really not interested in that kind of maintenance in a device like this. Let me know when you have better power efficiency on the devices you shipped to us.Syafiq on March 27, 2015
Matt otto mine same as yours..cant connect to XY no moreCreator XY-FindIt on March 19, 2015
@richard - not at this time, but we make note every time someone inquires and if microsoft really pushes the BLE technology of its phones, markets it, helps make it make sense for software solutions ... then you never know.richard harding on March 19, 2015
Do you have any plans to release a Windows Phone app?Creator XY-FindIt on March 15, 2015
@Matt - There's a good chance a battery change will solve your problem. We have found an average battery range of around 3-6 months. Initially--testing, among other factors, suggested a longer battery life of about a year. However, we have come to find that this has not been the case. We are currently exploring options to address this, such as different battery brands, as well as exploring options to reduce battery consumption without compromising the efficacy of the beacons.
We recommend that you try changing the battery, to see if that does the trick. I'm including a video that will help you open your beacons. They're technically waterproof, so it can be a little tricky to get them open. If this doesn't do the trick, please email us at contact@xyfindit.com and we'll go from there. Thank you!
Opening your XY Find It beacon - https://www.youtube.com/watch‰Û_Matt Otto on March 15, 2015
Did anyone else‰Ûªs break 3 months after getting it? Mine doesn‰Ûªt show up on my phone at all anymore.Creator XY-FindIt on March 9, 2015
@Natalie - Please let us know if you are seeing any problems. We want to help. We are quick to respond to any emails to contact@xyfindit.com.Natalie Tay on March 8, 2015
I regret getting this.Creator XY-FindIt on March 3, 2015
@Caleb - We're sorry to hear you're experiencing difficulties with your beacons. We'd like to help you resolve the issues you're encountering. Please email us at contact@xyfindit.com.Caleb on March 3, 2015
What a garbage product. Its quicker to find my keys and wallet the old fashion way then wait for this glitchy cheap hardware to connect and work. I bought 7 of these. Not one of them works properly. 90% of the time they don't connect. And more the half the time when they do connect the beepers won't activate.Creator XY-FindIt on February 23, 2015
@Paul - We are working on a "low battery notification", and it is not too late to incorporate, as the beacons supports it, and it is already implemented on Android.
@Roberto - We are sorry. We typically see 4 to 6 months, but some of the batteries from the factory have lasted less. We continuously look for ways to optimize battery life, including some things that may be possible through app updates.Paul Giralt on February 23, 2015
I've also replaced the battery on the two beacons that I've used so far. Haven't used the 3rd one yet. The bad part is you don't realize the battery is dead until you want to try and find the beacon and realize it hasn't been seen in a while. Any way to provide a low battery notification? Maybe it's too late to incorporate now, but would be good to see in future revisions.Roberto Arias on February 23, 2015
The battery only lasted three months.Creator XY-FindIt on February 23, 2015
@Nathan - I (Mark) have an iPhone 6 Plus, and the app works great, but you have me curious ... what support are you looking for? Please do email us at contact@xyfindit.com. We are crazy busy, in a good way ... all started with our awesome backers. Thank you!
@Chad - Thank you for contacting support. I know they are working with you to figure this out.Chad Heying on February 23, 2015
@XY-FindIt so I've been busy and haven't been able to try the new app since your last post. I went into the newly downloaded app and my tag is no longer available whatsoever. It's like it doesn't exist... Any clue what the problem is?Nathan Kunicki on February 21, 2015
So it's been a long time since there's been any form of update to the XY app on the Appstore, same with any comments or updates on here. Is the app going to receive iPhone 6 Plus support?
What's next? Or is XY already not being maintained any more?Creator XY-FindIt on February 9, 2015
@Chad - Probably means you have a TestFlight build of the XY app. Delete the app, and download again from the App Store, and you should be good to go.Chad Heying on February 7, 2015
So my app on my iPhone6 is not responding anymore. When ever I try to open it, the app automatically closes right away.Creator XY-FindIt on February 6, 2015
@Mark - Yes. LZ164553526US. Looks like it was delivered.
@Mukesh - On its way!Mark Odams on February 6, 2015
I still have not received mine, do you have a tracking number? Something that meant to help find things and it's lost?Mukesh Anand on February 3, 2015
i have not yet received mine as well.
I ordered the $85 one of all colours.
could you please check.Creator XY-FindIt on February 3, 2015
@Vincent - We feel the same way you do, and are working on a sharing feature and how it will be best work in situations like you described.
@Ricky - Saw that we had some direct email communication with you. Anything else comes up, please don't hesitate to email us at contact@xyfindit.com.Vincent B. Donadio on February 3, 2015
I received my beacons the other day, and I have an issue with the app... It's not a bug, but it's an issue for people who share things (ie, married couples?)
My wife and I would both like to be able to track the items attached to the beacons, so we registered them both with the same account... However, the proximity alerts (when going out of range and coming back into range) syncs across the account to both of our phones... So when she deactivates proximity alerts, it turns it off for me as well... This just boggles the mind. People certainly share things, don't they? I feel like that's a "feature" that should either be able to be toggled or just removed entirely.
Dv 5 days ago
Hey John. Hopefully we can all work together, and Sense changes the world. Come on Silk Labs. Get some sun and fresh air.Dv 5 days ago
Thank you. Just any small details would be great. I literally saw a a fully funded Kickstarter project fail within two hours before the deadline because they promised many things, but could never prove the device actually did anything. Maybe it is different in your world, but I respectfully request a weekly 30 second clip of Sense doing something tangible. It isn't much to ask. Imagine how the word would spread if we saw improvements? Maybe I would be inclined to buy one for my elderly mother? Or Christmas gifts? This isn't criticism, it is a matter of confidence.John Dolan on April 1
@Dv re "Working Prototype"
That's the video where the audio has so much echo and accent, that it is unintelligible! If you turn the sound down to zero, you can figure out what they are trying to demonstrate. Sort of like watching a movie before they invented "talkies".
I'm just bored with this "anticlimactic post-success period".Creator Silk Labs on March 29
@Dv - Hi Dv, the video under the ‰ÛÏWorking Prototype‰Û section on our Kickstarter page shows our actual software platform working. The product won‰Ûªt be fully ready to show off until DVT stage, but we are busy getting new content ready to share with the community in the meantime, so please stay tuned! As for your second question, we do not currently have IR built in. That said, Sense can connect to IR blasters that have open APIs and can be connected via WiFi/Bluetooth, which may be able to interact with your RF robot vacuum!Dv on March 25
New videos, that is.Dv on March 25
Greetings. May we see some videos of the product working? It has been some time. Also, what are the chances it could interact with RF devices like my robot vaccum?Creator Silk Labs on March 21
@Tim - We are glad you are! :) Please head over to our website and sign up for our developer mailing list to stay in the loop with SDK updates! http://www.silklabs.com/developersCreator Silk Labs on March 21
@Roland - Thank you for your question, and a BIG thank you for your support! Sense implements many of the features of Canary, but also a lot more! While Canary does have a few hardware capabilities that Sense will not have built in, like a siren and humidity sensor, Canary is primarily meant as a home security device and is not extensible. Sense offers much of the same security features when you are away, and in addition it tries to be helpful when you are home. Sense can also be extended by developers with third-party code running directly on the Sense device, adding even more use cases after we launch!Tim Dockins on March 18
Looking forward to getting my hands on the SDK!Roland Cheung on March 17
I'm looking forward to getting Sense! Just curious: how does it compare to Canary for home security?Tyler Pruce on March 16
Damn I really wish there was more of a push at the end to meet the stretch goal for Smartthings. Hopefully the integration can just be added afterward.Creator Silk Labs on March 14
@Bert - Thanks for your questions! Regarding compatibility with the Ecobee Thermostat, we are not currently integrating with this device, but will definitely add it to our list for future consideration! Good news though, our platform is open, so hopefully one of our developers (perhaps you?) can add this integration in the future :) As for the material, we are currently only using wood for the base. Thank you for supporting our campaign!Brian Kucer on March 14
Am I missing why there have only been 3k worth of pledges in the last week? Is something wrong?Bert Martinez on March 14
I know there is planned integration with Nest thermostats, but will there be for the Ecobee thermostat as well? Also, is wood the only color/material available, or would there be other options as well, such as maybe a white or black base?Creator Silk Labs on March 10
@Markus - Hi Markus, we are checking with our ODM partner regarding non-US certifications, and will be sure to update the community as soon as we have more details! As for your second question, Sense is currently designed to store videos in cloud storage with end-to-end encryption.Markus Karsch on March 10
Hi Silk Labs, will you take care of all necessary "certifications" like CE marking for import to europe so there will be no problems with customs? Will it be possible to save videos to local diskspace like a NAS device? Thanks, MarkusCreator Silk Labs on March 7
@Philip - Thanks for your question! Wink supports a REST API and can be controlled from an app running on Sense. As for Sensi Thermostat, we are not currently integrating with this device, but will definitely add it to our list for future consideration!Creator Silk Labs on March 7
@Klo - Hi Klo, we looked at this online and it seems that the WiFi protocol of this device is not known. However, it uses an ESP8266 which is well-known and can be programmed. If someone manages to reverse engineer the protocol or modify the firmware to support a known protocol over WiFi, it would be trivial to make Sense talk to it. Thank you for asking about this, though!Creator Silk Labs on March 7
@Jacob - Hi Jacob! Great idea, and yes, this is definitely something we would like to add in the future. We will continue to keep the community up-to-date on the timeline of this feature!Klo on March 7
Tell me: for example, this product should be nativelly compatible with Sense?
http://www.banggood.com/Remote-Control-Version-DIY-Wi-Fi-Wireless-Switch-For-Smart-Home-Switch-Module-p-1038026.htmlPhilip Z Horton IV on March 4
Any chance of eventual wink support or at least sensi thermostat?Jacob Kartchner on March 3
Are you guys going to develop an apple watch app along with the iOS? I think that would enhance the notifications given from senseCreator Silk Labs on March 3
@Curtis - We believe we can get facial recognition to work up to 15 feet, and are continuing to tune the algorithm. We will continue to keep the community up-to-date as we make progress! As for your second question, Sense can definitely learn guests‰Ûª faces! For example, when Sense sees someone it does not recognize, it will ask you (via the Sense app) if you‰Ûªd like to identify them and will also give you the option to be notified or not.Stefan on March 3
Hi!
You mentioned to detect presence by face recog and bluetooth signature of one's phone. As I dont want bluetooth on all the time and connect to my home wifi, will you also incorporate wifi to the detection?
Thanks
StefCreator Silk Labs on March 2
@Sylvain - Thanks for your question! The app runs on Android and iOS. Silk hosts a server to manage accounts and devices, among other basic functionality like accessing the video feed from you app - no public IP needed.Curtis Lawson on March 1
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions. The reason why I asked about the maximum distance for the camera to recognize faces is because I really like the security feature you guys mentioned, but with a big open concept room, I'm worried it might not be able to detect unknown people if they are on the other side of the big room. What range can we expect the camera to be able to recognize faces? Also, does it learn guest faces, or will t always alert you when a guest comes over?Creator Silk Labs on March 1
@Curtis - Thanks for your questions! We detect presence based on both recognizing a face through the camera and from the Bluetooth signature from one‰Ûªs phone. So, even if you are far away, Sense has multiple ways to detect user presence. Regarding compatibility with Amazon Echo and Honeywell Thermostat, we are not currently integrating with either of these (please head over to our FAQ for a list of devices we do support). We will definitely add these two devices to our list for future consideration! :)Creator Silk Labs on March 1
@Dv - Hi Dv, you can check out our videos on our YouTube channel! Here‰Ûªs the link: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_Sa5rR_a1-CnSKgyIRD0KQCurtis Lawson on March 1
Also, what's the range of the facial recognition? I have a big open concept living room/kitchen that stretches about 27 feet in both directions. Would it reach all the way or does it only work at short distances?Dv on March 1
Why can't I see the videos that your updates direct us to watch? Let's see the product!? Put it on YouTube, because the kickstarter page and Silk Labs sends us in infinite circles. Does not bode well for a tech company.Sylvain M on March 1
About that phone app : How does it connect to the device ? Through your own server, public IP needed,...
What platform support is planned (without community extension)? ios, android, windows 10Curtis Lawson on February 29
Hey there, any plans to make this compatible with Amazon echo and Honeywell thermostat? Those are the main things other than hue lights that I use. Please say yes!Creator Silk Labs on February 29
@Markus Klein - Hey Markus! Please check out our FAQ regarding support for interoperability protocols. Onvif is not currently supported, but we will add this our list for future consideration. Good news though, our platform is open, so hopefully one of our developers (perhaps you?) will add support in the future!Klo on February 26
@Christopher @SilkLabs Thank you for this information. I'll investigate :)Creator Silk Labs on February 25
@Klo and @Christopher - Klo, thanks for your question, and Christopher - thanks for jumping in! Yes, SmartThings is one such hub, but there are many more. Here are some you can check out on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/s‰Û_Markus Klein on February 24
Support the camera onvif 2.10 ? This was important for the connection to other systems?Christopher on February 24
@Klo - I'm sure they'll answer you, but I think they mean something like SmartThings hub which controls the Z-Wave devices and can be controlled via Wi-Fi commands from this device. They answered a similar question to me.Klo on February 24
@SilkLabs I never heard about this Z-Wave / Wifi bridges, and can't find anything with a internet research. Do you have any resources about that subject? Thx.Creator Silk Labs on February 24
@Klo - Check out our FAQ that address Z-wave and Zigbee support! And, of course, let us know if you have further questions :)Creator Silk Labs on February 24
@Tyler - Thanks for your question! Yes, through the SDK it would be possible to integrate with IFTTT.Creator Silk Labs on February 24
@Jaime - Hi, thanks for your question! You can use multiple Sense devices in one room or house. Be sure to check out our reward to buy two Sense devices at a discount! Interoping with other cameras is not something we‰Ûªve considered, but if the camera has public APIs, some form of interop should be possible through our upcoming SDK.Tyler Pruce on February 24
I agree that locally executed JavaScript is better and safer than IFTTT integration, but some other devices on IFTTT don't allow such local integrations or need close proximity. Would it be possible to use IFTTT only when required for specific integrations?Klo on February 24
I would like to add a stone to the compatibility point:
It seems we are a lot to already have a domotic installation (Z-wave, for me). It is important to be possible to connect them to this new tool. The devices are very expensive, so we need to be able to use them.Jaime van Kessel on February 23
Will it be possible to add more camera's to the device? (eg; Easily add IP camera's that it can use to do its thing)
I have a rather weird shaped living room, so multiple cameras is almost a must have for me.
Thinking about it, adding any kind of IO device would be cool; Adding microphones to different rooms would also be nice for instance.Creator Silk Labs on February 23
@David - Hi! Thanks for your question. We are a venture funded startup backed by well-known angel investors and venture funds like Harrison Metal and 500 Startups. We are using our existing funding to develop the software and hardware for Sense. The money we are raising on Kickstarter is only to cover the cost of the devices, not the development. We are essentially making Sense available to the community at cost, so you can experience today what a more intelligent home will feel like in a few years. We want to learn and explore together with you! We have 13 people working on Sense and our Silk platform full time. We are very dedicated to this :)Stephen Wong on February 23
@David,
This TechCrunch article may help answer your question. See last paragraph of article.
http://techcrunch.com/2016/02/16/ex-mozilla-team-unveils-sense-an-intelligent-secure-hub-for-the-smart-home/David on February 22
Dear @sense,
I have a difficult question.
As a backer of a few projects here on kickstarter I've seen my fair share of things succeeding and going terribly wrong.
Most notable in the terribly wrong section are three projects:
Helios bars, which failed due to lack of experience of the founders,
Framed, which is in limbo and the creators refuse to communicate with us backers,
and most notably Ninja Blocks, which delivered and went bankrupt shortly after delivering.
Ninja Blocks was probably the most similar project to yours, except they rewrote the entire stack to GoLang briefly before launching and also aimed to unify the domotics experience.
You don't seem to lack experience or community engagement, but i'd like to ask about your funding.
100/200k doesn't go far in the hardware game.
What guarantees do we have that you will be left with enough runway to build this into a successful service? Please explain us how you intend to stay afloat for as long as you can, otherwise we end up with very expensive paperweights which will eventually be unsupported and die off.
Thanks!Creator Silk Labs on February 22
@Christopher -- Correct :) The SmartThings hub can be controlled via Wifi, so Sense can issue commands to it and receive notifications.Creator Silk Labs on February 22
@Klo -- To build the best possible product we have to use the best possible technologies and libraries for our platform and Sense. Much of it is open source, such as the Linux kernel, but in some cases we are using third party code or technologies we are allowed to only distribute in binary form. We simply don‰Ûªt have the rights to provide the source. Many open source projects work like this. Firefox OS, for example, also had several closed source pieces because Mozilla had to use third party drivers that were not available as open source.Klo on February 22
Hi, I'm surprised an "open-source enthusiast" team can only release "open source as much of the code as we can". Open source is not a self service where you can choose which piece of code is open and which is not.
How do you agree to the open source community?
Creator TarDisk, LLC on March 1
Hey Guys, check out the NEW MacBook Selector Software!
Need help determining which TarDisk is right for your MacBook?
Take the guesswork out of it!
http://tardisk.com/pages/downloadredirectLewis Black on January 17
Hi,
Any update on my refund. I contacted the insurance company as requested and they will only speak Tardisk as you took the policy with them / are the shipper.
I forwarded this correspondence to support@tardisk and have no follow up. I got one response from 'Victoria' to which I immediately replied and since then have had no response.
Please update.Lewis Black on December 28
Hi,
I have had a response from the insurance company (they took 24hours to respond - take note!) which I have forwarded to support@tardisk.com . Unsurprisingly the insurance company will only give out information on claims to the shipper (as it was you who signed up to their T&Cs / signed a contract with them).
So I have now done everything you have asked and still no refund. To recap :
> Submitted the insurance claim form as instructed on September 23rd 2015.
> Waited minimum 6 weeks for a refund as instructed.
> Contacted the insurance company as instructed.
Despite me following all instructions I still have no refund from you guys and no product either. Please rectify this situation.
Thanks!Lewis Black on December 27
Hello,
I submitted my insurance claim form to you at support@tardisk.com on September 23rd 2015. It is now December 27th and you have not let me know any further information - do you consider this good customer service?
Please can you let me know when I will receive my refund?
Thanks
Lewis.Creator TarDisk, LLC on December 8
Lewie, Lewie, Lewie, we are still here for you!
For your insurance claim (which you filed for your lost shipment), please contact the underwriter directly. Please make sure to tell them about the "earner" ;)
Although you don't want to hear it, the next step is still to wait.
We are standing by to assist.Lewis Black on December 7
Actually you aren't in the slightest and its that kind of patronising response that I (and I'm sure others) are getting tired with. It has been months now and still no item, I have followed your instructions and still no refund. Either you guys are fraudulent or you don't care about your backers. Resolve this within a week, you may refund me via PayPal and then you may do your job and chase the insurance money if you still haven't received it. I assume I won't be receiving the full $300 you put on the insurance claim? That alone is a bit fraudulent no? - pledged $125, you claim for $300 and I get back 125 - that's a nice little earner for you!Creator TarDisk, LLC on December 7
Lewie, Lewie, Lewie, we are here for you! :)Lewis Black on December 7
Hi,
Please can you update me on the whereabouts of my item? I never received my item and over 8 weeks ago you asked me to complete an insurance form to get a refund for my missing item. I have not heard anything about the outcome of this and you continue to ignore my messages and fob me off with crap responses. The next step is legal action (as advised by Kickstarter) against Tardisk if this is not resolved.
I am an avid user of Kickstarter but will never back anything again from you guys - disgusting way to treat those that supported you.Creator TarDisk, LLC on October 2, 2015
We would love input form the community!
@David did you try using the dropdown "mount" menu in our selector software (in the footer of our website). It would still require clicking it though, wouldn't be automatic [yet]. Curious to hear what others have done too!David McGonigle on October 2, 2015
Thanks, folks - although your simple solution is kind of mine (taking it out and putting it in again...) while I'd hoped for something a bit more technical and a bit less brute force. I did investigate mountain but it's a bit overpriced for what i need it to do - so I'm going to try jettison now. I believe you should be able to script something like this so that it goes to /Volumes and unmounts automatically on 0% power....but it's beyond my tiny mind. Anyone else fancy sorting it out for me...?!Creator TarDisk, LLC on September 30, 2015
@David, Yes, there is a simple solution! (Actually there are a few simple solutions!) We list them on our FAQ page under "TarDisk is ejecting randomly." Take a look and let us know what you think!
Also, if you come up with other methods, let us know and we will get them listed up on the FAQ too :)David McGonigle on September 30, 2015
Hi there. I'm posting to see if this is a general issue. When I restart my macbook after it running out of juice (0% battery power) I always find that the tardisk has 'been ejected incorrectly', and so I have to take it out and reinsert it again, which is very annoying. Anyone else have this problem - and if so, any solutions? DaveCreator TarDisk, LLC on September 22, 2015
@Jon -- humm something is not right! No worries -- we can get a new one shipped out! Go to our webpage and under the FAQ -- there is a link for insurance claims & shipping issues. Follow the directions and we can get the new one shipped right out! :)Jonathan Ramirez on September 22, 2015
Hello, I received us an email indicating that my TarDisk was sent on June 3, to this day have not received anything.
I sent several emails to help@tardisk.com unanswered.
the tracking number is as follows:
https://tools.usps.com/go/TrackConfirmAction.action‰Û_Creator TarDisk, LLC on September 21, 2015
@Richard, Thanks for the note! If "about a month ago" means September 10th, (i.e. closer to a week ago) yes, we got your claim! The new TarDisk was shipped a few days later too! If you send us an email and include your favorite picture of a kitten, we will send your tracking number! Ortherwise you can search your inbox for an email from stamps.com which was already sent to you. Thanks again for backing us!Richard Seevratnam on September 20, 2015
Still waiting for my TarDisk for my MacBook Air after the first one was delivered to the wrong address. I've filled out the insurance form and emailed you guys about a month ago about an expected arrival date but received no response. I was just wondering if I could get some sort of update as to what's going on.Creator TarDisk, LLC on September 18, 2015
@Pixel, send us an email -- It will save us time and help us answer your questions!
@Jay, never fear -- im sure there is an easy solution! Shoot us an email so we can help. Make sure you run the macbook selector on the bottom of our webpage so you cn include it when you reach out.Jay Labb on September 18, 2015
This is a nightmare. It appears the TarDisk does not fit snug into my Mac's SD port and does not read. It feels like its the right size. What should I do? I can't even take the disk out now.Pixel Grinch on September 13, 2015
Well said in regards of the Grinch ;) ... The main problem is that I didn't get the proper TarDisk for my model. The one I received in 1 mm too short :( . I did send 2 emails well over a month ago :/Creator TarDisk, LLC on September 4, 2015
even though you are a Grinch, we still love you ;)
happy to send you instructions to ubuntu again -- just send us an email.Pixel Grinch on September 4, 2015
About a month ago I sent an email to support and posted here. Unfortunately no response in regards of having sent me the wrong stick for my MacBook and the missing Ubuntu.
I understand things get busy but right now I feel like you got my support and now you don't care.
Send me the product I ordered and all this would be taken care of. But ignoring support inquiries in this matter really sucks.Creator TarDisk, LLC on September 2, 2015
@Marcel, The Silver TarDisks have such a great feel to them! Thank you for backing the campaign -- we were so excited to mail them. Enjoy it!Marcel Labelle on September 2, 2015
Hello Craig.
Few minutes ago, I just received my Silver TarDisk 256 GB. Easy to install and it works really well.
Thank you very much for your great help.
MarcelCreator TarDisk, LLC on August 27, 2015
@Casper, From our research this is an error on Apple's part. It is a driver error. But is fixable! We responded to the email you sent us with instructions.
@Frans, you are not forgotten, we just havent solved it yet. As a temporary fix, do you have access to a different MacBook? If so, you can create the ubuntu tardisk on the other computer with our software and then use this on your 15" MacBook Pro w/ CD.Kasper Durup on August 27, 2015
I have a problem my tardisk does not work it says that there is a problem -50 what is it?Frans on August 26, 2015
Any news about Ubuntu? Are there backers who installed Ubuntu on their Tardisk? The Ubuntu install package from Tardisk didn't work on my MacBook. Anybody else more luck with Ubuntu?Creator TarDisk, LLC on August 24, 2015
@Alvyn, sounds like there might be a problem! Don't post your address publicly, instead shoot us an email so we can try to help. We will have you fill out an insurance form and get a new one shipped right out!Creator TarDisk, LLC on August 24, 2015
@Alvyn, sounds like there might be a problem! Don't post your address publicly, instead shoot us an email so we can try to help. We will have you fill out an insurance form and get a new one shipped right out!Alvyn K Augustine on August 23, 2015
Tracking number stuck "Left Sorting Center Los Angeles" for exactly 1 month now.Creator TarDisk, LLC on August 19, 2015
@Richard, Yup! ALL MacBook AIR TarDisks have shipped! Check your tracking number?
@Dariusz, forward over the tracking number you recieved from us and we can help you look it up! Support@TarDisk.comRichard Seevratnam on August 19, 2015
Hi, have all the TarDisks for the MacBook Air been shipped out? Even to the UK?Dariusz Leszczyãski on August 18, 2015
hi,
August 19th when I receive TarDisk 256GB . When did you ship it?Creator TarDisk, LLC on August 17, 2015
@Phil, ouch! Any advice on how we can do this better? (I bet that you buy a lot of stuff from the states). Shoot us an emailPhil Pearce on August 15, 2015
Hi,
Received mine today, the excitement of receiving this was removed by the å£21 customs chargeCreator TarDisk, LLC on August 13, 2015
Hey Guys, thanks for all the TarDisk Love! Remember you can always email us if you need to; support@TarDisk.com.
@Y, thanks for backing the campaign :)
@Agerholm, checking status of second order now. I believe it shipped out. Will follow up by email.
@Danny, that is possible. We are prepping the shipments. IF it is an international order and this is a question about jamacia ny -- the stamps.com email talks about that.
@Daniel, wow. not cool. Yea, long-SD cards are a dangerous thing to store data on -- they get knocked. We might be able to help you recover data if you need to -- shoot us an email if you need some direction, we will try to help, but no promises :). also will follow up about status of order by email.
@Jonathan -- if this is a question about the shipping port in Jamacia, NYyour answer might be in the email from stamps.com. Otherwise shoot us an email - -that does seem like a long time.
@justin, will follow up by email. I am hoping that it shipped out, but not sure. You should have gotten 2 emails from stamps.com -- can you forward both of them to us?
@Mark -- shoot us an email and we can help trouble shoot. Hoping it is something simple. Try a plain old restart with the tardisk installed. We will make it work one way or another :)
@Oleg -- You sent the email to adam, but I think that craig responded. That was an an awesome email by the way. Rich with details and pictures! if only all of our emails asking for help were as nice as yours!
@Pixel -- We got your address right too :P Got your email this morning, which may have already been responded to. 1. it is always possible that we made a mistake! remember that 1mm is about 6 human hairs :). Re: unbuntu we have something really cool -- but you have been given access to the beta! Make sure to give us feedback on your experience with it!
@Christian, yea all Airs were shipped out over a month ago? Following up with you by email. Something is wrong.
@Antoine -- thanks so much for leaving the feedback! you rock! thanks for giving TarDisk a chance!
@Stephen, Most have been shipped. Following up with you by email -- we will track it down!
Thanks guys for all the helpful comments and continued support. Having backers like you make running a Kickstarter so much fun! As always -- never hesitate to email us support@tardisk.com with comments, questions or suggestions!Stephen Mathis on August 11, 2015
August 11th and no sign on my TarDisk 256GB... When did you ship it?Antoine Crouzet on August 11, 2015
Got mine a few days ago but wasn't at home. I'm REALLY happy with my 128 TarDisk for my macbook Air 13'', it's really PERFECT. Thanks guy !Christian Blaschette on August 11, 2015
Hey still haven't received mine. Are they all sent out??Pixel Grinch on August 10, 2015
Hi Guys,
I sent an email to support as well, no answer yet. I got a memory stick and the only thing that matches my survey submission is the 128GB size.
Q: Which MacBook did you buy your TarDisk for?
A: MacBookPro10,1
I plugged in the TarDIsk and it doesn't line up with the body. it is about 1mm to deep in and now I can't get it out.
Q: Would you like us to set-up Ubuntu on your TarDisk?
A: Yes.
TarDisk is empty, no Ubunto on it ...Oleg Denysenko on August 9, 2015
Good morning, TarDisk team!
I've wrote the email to support@tardisk.com about 5 days ago. Still no answer. Could you please help with this issue cause I cannot use TarDisk properly:
[using Tardisk under Windows on MacAIR]
I have received the device and faced with problem. Main logical partition on the drive appearing only as 200 MB and even this 200 MB of space performs at 16-21 MB/sec read/write.
This partition in the Disk Management Console represented as 120GB but in any file manager or File Explorer viewed as 200MB only.
I have tried to format this partiotion to NTFS, FAT32, ExFAT and nothing changes.
What is it, how it can be solved?
Thanks a lot, waiting for the answer.Mark Tingay on August 7, 2015
Not sure what is wrong. I stick my TarDisk in, it fits fine, but nothing comes up. No sign of the TarDisk anywhere. Yet, when I pull the tardisk out, I get a warning telling me that I didn't eject the disk properly - yet I can't see the disk, not even in any disk utilities?Justin Stirewalt on August 6, 2015
Hey I emailed you guys a couple of times and sent a Kickstarter message, but I'm still missing my 2nd Tardisk for an early 2014 13" Macbook Air... any help from here?Jonathan Ramirez on August 5, 2015
Hola, el dÌ_a 5 de junio recibÌ_ un correo indicando un numero de seguimiento que hasta el dÌ_a de hoy no se actualiza y no he recibido nada, favor su ayuda.Daniel Holman on August 4, 2015
Hi again, I thought I'd check in. I posted on July 8th that I hadn't seen any signs of shipping, and saw a reply on the 13th that said there was some shipping info missing that had been corrected, and that it would be shipped that day. It's now August 4th and I still haven't received either the TarDisk or a tracking number. I did get an email on the July 14th about missing shipping info, but as your comment had said you'd already corrected it, I didn't fill out the survey again, and it is no longer active now. Can you please check again? Recently I started using an SD card to try to get a little extra space, but the computer slipped and tipped on its side snapping the card in half!RYD‰Û¢BYK on August 3, 2015
Hi
Received the tracking number but its doesn't update and show the movement (location/time) of the item.Agerholm AndrÌ© on August 2, 2015
Hi TarDisk
Just received my TarDisk. It is great. I ordered a second TarDisk - have those extra TarDisks been shipped as well? I ask since I need to handle customs on import to Denmark!Yong-Soo on August 2, 2015
Hey all, I'm selling my brand new, unused TarDisk for MacBook Air 13"! If interested, please email me at nobetreehouse@gmail.com - thanks!Creator TarDisk, LLC on July 31, 2015
@Jevon, we sent you an email. You probably just need to re-start.
@Jean, your email cc'ed a few email addresses and no one responded. Just email the one contact that you have so that doesn't happen again. Apologies about that. We are reaching out now.
Ubuntu Backers -- we have some cool software running and are excited for the release. We need more compatibility testing before we send it out-- email us if you want to try it before the public release!Jevon Price on July 30, 2015
Got mine for my 13 air stuck it in nothing happens? Ummm missing something?Jean-Jacques Lafon on July 30, 2015
Hi TarDisk team
My shipment is hold for more than 1.5 month and I've been trying to contact you for the past 2 weeks, but no answer. Not cool
Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on August 20, 2014
Hello,
You can submit your issue at http://www.looppay.com/contact-support/ and we will get back with you as soon as possible. Thank you for backing us.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopItsThisJustin on August 7, 2014
I just switched to a new iPhone and downloaded the app. I can't login due to a message saying "Please restart activation process" or something of that nature. Loop is worthless to me if I can't get into the app to change cards.Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on June 27, 2014
Hi Jon,
You can submit your issue at http://www.looppay.com/contact-support/ and we will get back with you as soon as possible. Thank you for backing us.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopJon Galbreath on June 25, 2014
I've had my ChargeCase for a couple weeks now and have been very happy with it, but just in the past couple days I've noticed an issue that despite the battery in the case having a near-full charge, when it's plugged into the Lightning connect on my iPhone 5, it'll charge for one or two percentage points and then stop. Anyone else notice this?Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on June 11, 2014
Hi Alexis,
You will get the quickest support help in our community. Our community is located at: https://community.looppay.com/looppay
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopAlexis Maldonado on June 5, 2014
Not sure if im using it right. I went to 3 separate places and neither of them all worked. Help!Walter Lang on June 5, 2014
I just used my case for the first time, at Petco. Worked perfectly. It's a great product. I'm going on vacation shortly, and I can take all my credit cards, without taking all my credit cards!Garner Samuel on June 2, 2014
Received mine this weekend and everything worked great. Case is very solid. I went to Papa Murphy's and it worked the first time I used it. I work for a Restaurant POS company and have been showing it off today. Everyone has been impressed.ItsThisJustin on May 31, 2014
I'll try to take a pic next time I'm there. It was a reader that should easily work with loop though. I pressed the button probably 15 times in 15 different physical locations along the swipe area and no cigarCreator Will Graylin & George Wallner on May 31, 2014
Hi Gene,
Place the lightning connector into your iPhone and press the Button Pay button on the left side of the case.
Hi BlueZbra,
Have you tried to place both thumbs over the right side of the case where it is not snapping into place and applying pressure to get the bezel to snap into place? If you continue to have an issue please submit your problem to our community at: https://community.looppay.com/looppay. You will get the fastest support through our community.
Hi Justin,
Do you know the type of terminal at the T-mobile store? We have tested a T-mobile store where they have an Ingenico terminal and didn't have an issue. Did you only send the transmission once?
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopBluZbra on May 30, 2014
I got my Loop Charge Case Today, but I'm a little disappointed. The top part of the case does not sit well with the bottom half and there is a gap. Without the phone, it's a perfect fit. But as soon as I put my iPhone 5 in and clip the top half onto the bottom half, the right side of the case does not close all the way. I have tried it with the spare one as well - same problem.ItsThisJustin on May 30, 2014
Just tried mine at t-mobile and it didn't work :(Gene Petrone on May 30, 2014
Great, I got mine today and I will be using it this weekend. Maybe I missed it, but how do you keep the ChargeCase in charge mode?Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on May 30, 2014
Hi Dave,
During the KS campaign the only option was black. We will have more white ChargeCases in June available on our website.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopDave Chiang on May 29, 2014
just received a notification that my unit has shipped, but there was not a color choice in the survey a while back? how do i get the white one?Garner Samuel on May 24, 2014
That's awesome news! Thanks for the quick response.John Fitzpatrick on May 22, 2014
OMG ! And I still have most of my hair.
Sorry but it has taken a while to get to this point. , We have to have a bit of humor people, remember it's just stuff not a medical emergency.
Well done Will and George thx for the effort.Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on May 21, 2014
Hi Garner,
The production of the ChargeCase is finished and they are currently in route to our fulfillment center.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopGarner Samuel on May 20, 2014
Any update on the case? Based on your previous update, it should be in production.Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on May 14, 2014
Hi Backers,
We wanted to let you know that the Android LoopWallet app is live in the Play Store. If you have questions or need help, please visit our community at: https://community.looppay.com/looppay.
Take care,
Your Friends at Loopsorphin on May 11, 2014
@BluZbra You have a better chance these days of getting a response on the forum than posting here. The forum tends to be more active.
@Michael Armogan Did you open a support case with them?Michael Armogan on May 9, 2014
@sorphin And it just so happens that I am one of the latter. Yet it's not taking my SSN, which is what's pissing me off.BluZbra on May 9, 2014
@Loop Team - 16 days ago I asked a question in the comments area of your latest update and I have yet to receive a response. Here is what I asked:
I apologize if this has been asked and answered already, but... With the iPhone 6 coming out in a few months and a possible larger screen size, will you be able to accommodate those of us who decide to upgrade to the new iPhone? At this rate, by the time I get my charge case for Loop, I will have an outdated iPhone to use it with (i.e. my iPhone 5). Thank you!
Please respond to your backers - 16 days is a bit too much. ThanksThomas Greenhouse on May 8, 2014
Thanks, it works wonderfully on my nexus 7 fhd and htc droid inc.quinn brookins on May 8, 2014
could i please be part of the android testing id like to helpPatrick Debevec on May 8, 2014
ETA on charge case?sorphin on May 8, 2014
@Michael The loop is currently only useable for people within the US. A quote from a loop employee on the loop forum: "you must a US resident to be able to activate a Wallet and use the Fob and the Wallet. It's okay if you're not a citizen, but you must me a resident with a verifiable US address to be able to set up an account. If you are a US citizen with a US SSN#, but living abroad, we may be able to work with that. If not, we won't be able to assist you."Michael Armogan on May 7, 2014
Hi guys, no. To place my credit card on the device, it's requiring information that persons outside of the US simply might not have such as social security. Is there a way to remove this for persons outside of the US?Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on May 5, 2014
Hi Thomas and Ben,
We just sent you a link to download the app via TestFairy.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopThomas Greenhouse on April 26, 2014
Can I also be in the beta, my loop would like to be put to use :)Ben Bradley Tesser on April 24, 2014
I have not received an invitation to use the android beta. My email is btesser@gmail.com. Please let me try it :)Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on April 22, 2014
Hi Andrew,
We can change your pledge. What color would you like? You can send us a message and we will take care of it.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopAndrew Potievsky on April 22, 2014
Hello, I recently switched to an Android phone from an iPhone. Is there any way that I can switch my pledge to a Loop Fob instead of the case?Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on April 21, 2014
Hi Michael,
Are you referring to using Loop as a payment acceptance device?
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopMichael Armogan on April 19, 2014
So when will this be able to accept cards like Visa from outside the US?Zendrix Ng on April 8, 2014
Got it! Thanks again! Can't wait to test this out =DCreator Will Graylin & George Wallner on April 8, 2014
Hi Zendrix,
We just sent you an invite to download the LoopWallet App.
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopZendrix Ng on April 7, 2014
I have yet to receive the invite for the Android beta test. Are there more invites going out? From my understanding of the updates, all kickstarters will be granted access to the Android beta test.
Thanks in advance for responses =)David on April 5, 2014
Will and George,
I would like to help you beta tested Android app,but can not even bound loop to the phone.
Yes, i visited support community, but they don't know how to solve it.
is there anyone else with similar problem?Creator Will Graylin & George Wallner on April 5, 2014
Hi David,
Have you visited our support community? This is a known issue we are working to quickly resolve. Thank you for helping us beta test the Android LoopWallet app!
Take care,
Your Friends at LoopDavid on April 5, 2014
Also, I got " loop is binded to another account" on the phone and loop is useless. Any suggestions?David on April 5, 2014
Android beta test, when bind loop to the phone, got message " an unknown error " and loop didn't bind to the phone. help is needed.sorphin on April 5, 2014
@caleb b worked fine for me.Caleb B on April 4, 2014
Wow. This Test Fairy site is absolutely horrendous.Caleb B on April 4, 2014
Well, I got the "TestFairy" email but the site is bugged so it doesn't want to go mobile. I download the test apk (finally, after getting to the mobile version) and it can't open it XD. Bug #1, APK broken!sorphin on April 3, 2014
@Brian Retterer and @Robert Morris - If you look over on the forum (Where they actively answer questions), they answered my same question: http://bit.ly/1fQ8xLdRobert Morris on April 2, 2014
I did not receive the Beta e-mail either...it not been sent yet?Brian Retterer on April 1, 2014
Per Android Beta Program... "Be sure to look out for our email for more detail within the next few days" It has been a few days now... What is going on with it... when will we get it?StammesOpfer on April 1, 2014
So what is the status on the Android Beta?Walter Lang on March 26, 2014
This latest update alleviates my fears. Including a fob means we can still use the device with a new iPhone and is a fantastic fix to the problem. Thank you for your update.
David on April 2
If nothing has been engaged from the suppliers then there is no reason not to return the cash. The fact that they have kept it whilst not intending to produce anything surely shows fraud on their part.
As a minimum it is financial mismanagement and misleading of investors.
Disgraceful that they haven't updated further and have made no effort to refund sums, which presumably are being misappropriated to other things?Sajva Halverson on March 30
Sadly I believe we will ever see this. Vaporware???Heather K B on March 9
@Christina & others that missed it. This was sent to us on Nov.16,2015
Dear Backers;
We know you have been waiting for an update on the status of Rico and as we described in the previous updates, we have been working with suppliers on the phase 3 of the project ie. getting the prototypes to pass industry specifications and final tooling.
This is the most critical phase of the project as this is where the team has minimum exposure in executing. This is where deep engagement with our Chinese suppliers is needed and which we are finding very difficult to handle at this point. We have found that We raised another $80,000 from an angel investor as well but still need to raise more money for tooling.
Lets look at tooling and related costs for a project like Rico; there are two plastic parts on Rico, the outer shell made of ABS plastic and the acrylic shade glass in the front that lets in light for the camera. Creating a single mould for one part accounts to about $15k which translates to $30k for just the plastics. The next head we are talking about is testing and certification, a FCC certification process costs upwards of $60k in the US and CE certification is a different process as well. Most of the other cost on the project is as per our earlier estimates and we are happy that we could make good progress.
We have been trying best to use the advice from our suppliers and partners in China so that we can get Rico into your hands quickly but the project needs to raise more funding in order to ship a great product. We are at a point where we are running short of funds and require another round of funding and thus we are halting all supplier engagements at this point. We cannot make commitments to suppliers in this situation. We require your help and support again; we are looking at two possible solutions; one is with our continued effort to raise capital and the other is to look for partners who we can engage to complete the project. We are stalling the development of the product till we figure out a possible solution.
We are ready to share all legally possible knowledge and code written on the Apps and hardware so the partner also benefits with the association and can be on revenue sharing basis or can become a exclusive reseller in niche markets.
Team Rico.Christina M on March 9
Part of new product development is the risk of failure. I'm asking the MindHelix, Inc. folks to update backers on whether or not this project has been officially abandoned so that we can move on. If it's not been abandoned, but put on indefinite hold, or is slowly advancing, please just let us know something. It's unprofessional to do otherwise.Rexon on March 3
Dear MindHelix, There are around 700+ people who genuinely backed and believed in your project. It‰Ûªs really unethical and unprofessional for not responding to any of backers comments. As a backer myself, we all are actively waiting to hear from you. Please do respond back to us where we are with the project. Don‰Ûªt be disrespectful to people who has genuinely backed your project as this will have severe impact on all future crowd sourced projects.Pragadesh Raja on January 28
I am still wondering who was the 'partner' who funded around $30K in last minute to fulfil their $100K campaign. Kickstarter gives the money to the owner only if the campaign amount is fullfiled. For me, it looks like it was a planned loot of backers money. Legally, kickstarter will be safe due to the agreement signs but ethically, i guess kickstarter should really look into these kind if issues. Only then is my support to crowd-funding sites. I am not going to loss even a single penny for looters like these. I am fine even if a project fails provided it was a genuine failure and the campaign owners follow up with backers on regular basisRoger Sharp on January 25
As it stands they appear to be scoundrels who have wasted all the funds and they don't have the decency to make a proper update informing us of the actual status.
I hope they are thoroughly ashamed of their disgusting behavior.blissfullyigneous on January 23
No response from the creator and Kickstarter has been no help. Unfortunately, they generally fail to act on Backers' behalf. They've gotten their money out of the process, that's all they seem to care about. As a backer, I want to see that there's a viable plan for working this out. Not just "we hope someone gives us some more money, but we're kind of done."Krylin on January 17
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similiar product. If this is not possible.
I would like my money refunded. Thank YouKaniel Martin on January 8
Nope no word, I have been pestering kickstarter all they told me is that if they breach terms of agreement I can hire a lawyer. Kickstarter is doing absolutely nothing about this.. welp looks like this is the last kickstarter project i support. Time to find a different website that treats their customers better.Myles € ameron on January 7
Has anyone heard from them or kickstarter about this project? Will anyone get a refund or some product?BrettRed on January 6
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similiar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.John S. Gagne on January 2
This is another failed technology project. The unfortunate result is that I now walk away from most Kickstarter technology projects. The promos build an unrealistic expectation and the likelihood of completion seems minimal. You are the bad apple spoiling the rest.Ty Hingle on January 2
Can we get an update please?Ginger L on December 31
Soooooooooo, where at we at with this?Roger Sharp on December 9
@ Ann-Marie
The scoundrels have squandered all the money, and they don't have the decency to write an update saying how ashamed they are at taking our money and failing to deliver a product.
On my next holiday to India I will visit their village and tell everyone what rascals they are.Ann-Marie Gargano on December 8
@blissfullyingneous have you heard back from them? I have not and I have asked for a refund....NOTHING!blissfullyigneous on December 3
Your communication has been sub-par from the beginning. We've seen a few pictures of the app that fail to show it's full functionality and NO (none, nada, zip) pictures of the development process. This lack of communication paired with the admitted failures in your November email update leads me to believe this project will never come to fruition.
I want a refund - or a copy of the code and scraps of whatever you've managed to piece together. As I see it, without a clear plan, you're failing to live up to Kickstarter's Terms of Use (the important bits copied below). You owe your backers whatever you have to give.
If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they‰Ûªve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if:
-they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned;
-they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that‰Ûªs communicated to backers;
-they‰Ûªre able to demonstrate that they‰Ûªve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised;
they‰Ûªve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and
-they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form.
-The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they‰Ûªre unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers.Ann-Marie Gargano on November 24
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.Roger Sharp on November 21
@ Rob: what result do you expect from going after a bunch of students in India that have squandered our funding?Rob Campanile on November 20
In May we were promised monthly updates...that hasn't happened. So what is our next course of action? I found this: https://www.f6s.com/mindhelixinc/connections but can't seem to figure out how to reach someone. FTC complaint? BBB? Class action lawsuit?Robert Inwood on November 19
Hey for everyone disappointed they can't get Rico to make use of their old phones try this. https://manything.com It records when it senses movement or watch live. Hasn't got all the features Rico was boasting but not a bad alternative.David Senss on November 18
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similiar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.Thurstan Johnston on November 18
This is a real shame if it doesn't go through as I really like the idea and finally have a use for my old phone! There is no chance anyone gets their money back. I hope it does come to fruition though, but it has put me off a little.Pragadesh Raja on November 17
@Roger:
Exactly ! The mail was just to make them free from any lawsuits or legal issues. Although many might argue that this is a crowdfunding project and investors should know that the project is a hit or a miss and should not expect the perks, I was like 'Damn! what a clever way to make money'.Jon Soo on November 17
No, Kickstarter does not guaranty a project's success but they do not have to endorse a project either. Putting the 'Kickstarter Staff Pick' seal of approval on a project is very misleading. Putting your seal on a project and promoting that project on top Kickstarters leads more backers to fund the project. Kickstarter has to take some responsibility for failed projects. I am sick of their lassez-faire policies when it comes to failed projects with no real updates to backers.MaBeSch on November 17
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement, I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You
P.S.: I do not believe this project will come to an end. Hope you guys had a nice time with my money. First and last kickstarter project. Top bad..Roger Sharp on November 17
@ Pragadesh:
On getting that email my first thought was that it was just a way of saying
"We have spent all your money, this fulfills our obligations, Goodbye."
Karma will get them!CL Siu on November 16
One can reasonbly believe that ks is actually part of this whole scam / cheating project, this is my opinion onlyPragadesh Raja on November 16
After 'successfully' losing my money invested in crowdfunging websites (KS, IG, etc) including this project, I see this as one of the 'masterplan template' for money laundering !
Consider this scenario:
Spend few days to open a campaign in crowdfunding website, actively update 'comments' and 'updates' section only until project is funded, make sure to send some prototypes (easily can get in internet) n exciting updates in early months, no updates towards end of the project, send a last update saying 'sorry, XYZ couldn't be done' just before promised delivery date (so to legally escape from lawsuits). Now you have all the money from that was provided.
So, both the crowdfunding website and the campaign owner(s) are in safe position and we lose our hard-warned money.
I am fed up with crowdfunding concept and I am no more going to support any other projects in future. Lesson learnt in hardway.
PS: This is my personal opinionPragadesh Raja on November 16
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement, I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank YouCL Siu on November 16
We are ready to share all legally possible knowledge and code written on the Apps and hardware so the partner also benefits with the association and can be on revenue sharing basis or can become a exclusive reseller in niche markets.CL Siu on November 16
We know you have been waiting for an update on the status of Rico and as we described in the previous updates, we have been working with suppliers on the phase 3 of the project ie. getting the prototypes to pass industry specifications and final tooling.
This is the most critical phase of the project as this is where the team has minimum exposure in executing. This is where deep engagement with our Chinese suppliers is needed and which we are finding very difficult to handle at this point. We have found that We raised another $80,000 from an angel investor as well but still need to raise more money for tooling.
Lets look at tooling and related costs for a project like Rico; there are two plastic parts on Rico, the outer shell made of ABS plastic and the acrylic shade glass in the front that lets in light for the camera. Creating a single mould for one part accounts to about $15k which translates to $30k for just the plastics. The next head we are talking about is testing and certification, a FCC certification process costs upwards of $60k in the US and CE certification is a different process as well. Most of the other cost on the project is as per our earlier estimates and we are happy that we could make good progress.
We have been trying best to use the advice from our suppliers and partners in China so that we can get Rico into your hands quickly but the project needs to raise more funding in order to ship a great product. We are at a point where we are running short of funds and require another round of funding and thus we are halting all supplier engagements at this point. We cannot make commitments to suppliers in this situation. We require your help and support again; we are looking at two possible solutions; one is with our continued effort to raise capital and the other is to look for partners who we can engage to complete the project. We are stalling the development of the product till we figure out a possible solution.Mike Kouri on November 16
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement, I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.
Mike KouriSharon Reilly on November 16
everyone - please open a support ticket to Kickstarter:
This is a fraudulent campaign and all monies contributed should be refunded. If Kickstarter does not stand behind the trusting and patient contributors to this project who appear to been ‰Û÷taken‰Ûª by an organization who is at best incompetent and at worst a complete fraud, Kickstarter will be complicate in the fraud and I and hopefully every other contributor will boycott Kickstarter and tell all their friends and post in all social media outlets to boycott Kickstarter as well.Sharon Reilly on November 16
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.
Tom StesslMattias Lundin on November 16
I reached out to Kickstarter and finally got in contact with a human being called Alfie. I hope he will help us out in this matter. I'm not gonna invest more money in MindHelix after giving us nothing for 6 months and suddenly tries to blackmail us for more. This is truly upsetting.
Kickstarter! Please adviceKaniel Martin on November 16
Also, another reason i'm not convinced about this email.. Doesn't it make sense that if you need more funding you need to be advertising more and getting the word out to as many as possible? So be deleting your website, removing your facebook and social media.... ya... you see my point.Kaniel Martin on November 16
ya... i'm not gonna risk another penny with these guys. Not after the way we've been treated.. Being on kickstarter, we took a chance and supported you Rico, in return you slapped us in the face. You guys really need to learn how to build a healthy relationship with your supporters.Robert Inwood on November 16
If they are saying tooling costs 105k and from the email it's sounds like they don't have any funding for tooling. Why wasn't these costs foreseen? They received 120k from us and 80k from the "angel investor" and still need funding for tooling looks like the funding goal should have been 300k minimum from the beginning.
If they get another private investor or partner to front the tooling costs we could see a Rico sometime in the future at least.Roger Sharp on November 16
It would be different if they had posted Updates and answered comments to earn some trust.
They will not get any more from me!Robert Inwood on November 16
Rico achieved 20k more than the goal and they still need more funding. Clearly did not work out the costs right from the beginning. This was destined to fail. They are basically saying if we do not donate more funding our selves we will not get a Rico or a refund... I want to trust them to deliver on their promises but I can't in my right mind donate more money to them.Ruth Hartstein on November 16
I was kind of shocked to get that email, why not an update though? Part of me feels like it's delay tactics so we don't go after them for a bit longer, I'd be far more trusting if we'd had an update in the last 6 months (or was there another email at some point?)a on November 16
Just got a mail:
Dear Backers;
We know you have been waiting for an update on the status of Rico and as we described in the previous updates, we have been working with suppliers on the phase 3 of the project ie. getting the prototypes to pass industry specifications and final tooling.
This is the most critical phase of the project as this is where the team has minimum exposure in executing. This is where deep engagement with our Chinese suppliers is needed and which we are finding very difficult to handle at this point. We have found that We raised another $80,000 from an angel investor as well but still need to raise more money for tooling.
Lets look at tooling and related costs for a project like Rico; there are two plastic parts on Rico, the outer shell made of ABS plastic and the acrylic shade glass in the front that lets in light for the camera. Creating a single mould for one part accounts to about $15k which translates to $30k for just the plastics. The next head we are talking about is testing and certification, a FCC certification process costs upwards of $60k in the US and CE certification is a different process as well. Most of the other cost on the project is as per our earlier estimates and we are happy that we could make good progress.
We have been trying best to use the advice from our suppliers and partners in China so that we can get Rico into your hands quickly but the project needs to raise more funding in order to ship a great product. We are at a point where we are running short of funds and require another round of funding and thus we are halting all supplier engagements at this point. We cannot make commitments to suppliers in this situation. We require your help and support again; we are looking at two possible solutions; one is with our continued effort to raise capital and the other is to look for partners who we can engage to complete the project. We are stalling the development of the product till we figure out a possible solution.
We are ready to share all legally possible knowledge and code written on the Apps and hardware so the partner also benefits with the association and can be on revenue sharing basis or can become a exclusive reseller in niche markets.
Team Rico.a on November 16
Indira Gopalaiahgari
Last login Nov 2 2015
The creator is still logging in here now and then..Mattias Lundin on November 16
Kickstarter has not replied on any of my emails or tweets about this. Maybe we all should start a Facebook group and try to sue Kickstarter/MindHelix for fraud? I gave away over 100 usd and I'm not gonna let this slide without a fight.Allen Joseph Kempke on November 12
Hello Rico. In accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement, I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.
-Al KempkeHendra on November 12
Would like to know, which one of the Kickstarter's Staff has picked this project ....Tom Stessl on November 11
Hello Rico, in accordance to the Kickstarter Terms of Agreement. I am formally asking for an estimated date of the product or similar product. If this is not possible I would like my money refunded. Thank You.
Tom StesslRuth Hartstein on November 7
Good luck with the refunds... so annoying. It's going to be too late to go a charge back or anything I think... unless it's from when it's meant to be delivered?
Creator Everykey Inc. 4 minutes ago
@Wesley van Kuijen @Mischa Dasberg @John Wolf Delays happen as a result of perfecting a product and working out issues that happen along the way. We have responded to the blog post questioning our product. Our small group of backers consists of early birds and those backers who intend on using Everykey with Android and Windows. We have made every effort to prevent a data breach, but in the unlikely case that it happens we will work with everyone to come up with a solution. We do our best to share updates as they are happening, and we appreciate everyone's continued patience!Creator Everykey Inc. 10 minutes ago
@Aaditya 'AJ' Shah The video is intended to show the potential of Everykey's full feature set. Mac should be available within the next month. We have a mac application now that works great with Everykey and we want to release operating systems in waves so that we can manage bug fixes more efficiently. Also, for anyone requesting a refund, please direct message support and we will take care of you, thanks!ben about 5 hours ago
@Everykey I'm tired of all the last minute stalls and the lack of Mac osx support. Please refund my moneyJohn Wolf about 14 hours ago
Forgot something in my original post.
What about future upgrades to software? With exploits always changing, one day you are going to have to turn off those servers/stop updating. Do we then have a fairly expensive paperweight?Gabriel William Bernson about 16 hours ago
@John Wolf I can chime in on your 4th point that, as backer number 3 and one of the first early bird backers, that I have still not received a survey.
In fact, the silence and inaction is starting to annoy me, especially after all the other missed deadlines--which I tolerated, by the way. But Being told that its shipping, and then right after you tell me its being shipped to some unknown, unspecified group irks me a bit. My early bird backing seems pretty pointless after all this time of waiting.
Also, after reading Paul's post, the vulnerabilities have me worried. Very worried.Karel Vanblaere about 19 hours ago
Aha noticed Pauls post as well and chuckled at Everykey basically failing from the beginning.
Btw on their site they still promote Mac as show by the video's on their and the Mac sign on the site. Anyways if any backer does get a survey or an everykey let is all know. We are curious when the first one will be given out to real backers.Wesley van Kuijen 1 day ago
Well said John!John Wolf 1 day ago
Not trying to be rude here, but we pledged for something that was supposed to be safe and secure, but now it seems like we're getting something that can be vulnerable to hacking attempts, not getting what was promised at launch, no app/extensions, and worst of all, missed 6(!!!) shipping deadlines! Plus, if there is a exploit that occurred, we have no guarantee that we will get some sort of damages for the negligence of our data.
This is not the product that us backers pledged for. Its the product that all of us were duped into. I, and maybe the rest of us, should have abandoned this project after the 2nd delay. I get that things happen, but come on. 6 delays? We are now 1/3rd of the way into April, and from the comments section, not one survey has been sent out. Shouldn't these surveys have happened a month ago?
We deserve an explanation for the following things:
1. Why so many delays?
2. Why promise OSX at the beginning when you didn't even have it ready for shipping?
3. Explain all of the things that Paul mentioned that were flaws in the following link: https://paul.reviews/everykey-revisited-military-grade-give-me-a-break/
4. Who is this "small group of backers"? Are they the early birds? If they are not, why not, since they backed your project first.
5. Explain what happens on your end if a data breach occurred. What will owners receive for damages?
6. Why are you not being transparent with your customers? I notice that you only come in to reply to comments every week or so in bulk.
I hope you answer all questions truthfully and honestly, or i'm going to have to request a refund.
Thank you in advance.Mischa Dasberg 1 day ago
@creator: You keep moving the shipping date. On the 28th of march you said "We are looking to commence shipping of Everykey on March 31st.". As far as I can determine by the comments here, nobody has received any survey yet.
And 4 days ago you state: "Throughout the month of April, we‰Ûªll continue to ship units and send out shipping notices via email". So my question is: did you mean april 2016? of 2017?Wesley van Kuijen 3 days ago
Questioning my pledge, the product and the entire project right now: https://paul.reviews/everykey-revisited-military-grade-give-me-a-break/Aaditya 'AJ' Shah 4 days ago
You guys actually even went a step further and demonstrated it logging in on a MacBook Pro IN YOUR OWN VIDEO. Now you're saying that that won't work at launch? At least you are consistent in your lies.Aaditya 'AJ' Shah 4 days ago
Wait wait wait...
Now Mac OSX is no longer available at launch? That's one of the reasons why I backed this project in the first place. It clearly states 10.9+ in your tech specs.
I've had enough of the lies. Please refund my money immediately.Creator Everykey Inc. 5 days ago
@Phillip Smith Mac OS X will not be available at launch, however it should be ready within the next month.Creator Everykey Inc. 5 days ago
@Wesley van Kuijen @Mischa Dasberg @Fabien Magras @Aaditya 'AJ' Shah @Dave @Ben @Tyler McFarlane We are in the process of emailing each of you a survey through BackerKit that will allow you to confirm your shipping address and color preferences. We have begun shipping to a small group of our backers, which allows us to verify our shipping and customer support practices. Throughout the month of April, we‰Ûªll continue to ship units and send out shipping notices via email, so you‰Ûªll know when your Everykey is on its way!Tyler McFarlane 5 days ago
Just because a person has helped you with this product he gets his key first? Us here on Kickstarter made this project possible. Without us even your buddy could not have helped you get this far. We are the reason you have gotten to developing and manufacturing. We should have been your first priority when it came to shipping..... Oh and wait still nothing no email or key.... Come on... Do you really think anyone of us is going to support any future products you make? Especially how long it takes you to say anything. It's been a week since you "started shipping" but yet from what I can see none of us have gotten an email.....Wesley van Kuijen 5 days ago
Are you guys waiting on us or are we waiting on you? We haven't heard shit in the last couple of days and have been waiting for more than a year to get what we paid for. Promises, promises, but besides the so called "Biggest Supporter" you probably haven't sent to anyone else.
We want dates! No promises.Phillip Smith 6 days ago
Does the last update mean it won't work with Mac OS X at lunch, it just limited support?ben 7 days ago
April fool dumbasses said the CEO as he sipped on his piÌ±a colada in Costa RicoWesley van Kuijen 7 days ago
Nothing yet.Dave on April 4
Anyone receive an e-mail survey?Aaditya 'AJ' Shah on April 4
Guessing April Fools? Not funny and now very piseed off.Fabien Magras on April 4
nothing for me too !!!!
where's my mail, wher's my everykey ??????Mischa Dasberg on April 4
unfortunately not, no mail, no everykey, nothingWesley van Kuijen on April 2
So? Anyone got theirs yet?Sarl H Cablaas on April 1
@Tjis order the dongle which they pointed out in the updates beforeTijs Maas on April 1
I have an early 2011 macbook pro which does not support bluetooth 4.0 low energy. What can I do such that I can use the everykey with my macbook?Wesley van Kuijen on March 31
Just to make clear: I aint paying shit for any custom tax or whatever these guys think of. Just make sure you pay for everything (shipping, tax, what not) or better yet mention a low amount (10$) when shipping like the Chinese do when shipping.Sarl H Cablaas on March 31
Please think about the EU-Customs aswell as shipping-codes.
Great news. I'm looking forward for this product so long !Wesley van Kuijen on March 30
Whoohoo! Tomorrow they'll be shipping!!! Finally!!!!!
Right. I have to see it first to believe it.Jeffrey P. on March 28
So, when April 1 comes, you'll post a long update with photos of the finished product? If you're shipping in three days, why don't you have the photos posted now?Creator Everykey Inc. on March 28
@Sean Yeo @Ibrahim @Wesley van Kuijen @Rob Primrose @Shawn Pisarski @Lexi Sprague @Fabien Magras @Lauren LaPointe @Karel Vanblaere We hope all of you had a happy holiday! We are looking to commence shipping of Everykey on March 31st.Wesley van Kuijen on March 28
@Karel good one!Karel Vanblaere on March 27
Since they ain't doing it i will. Happy Eastern everyone. Hopefully it was a peaceful eastern with lot's of passwords to remember since we still don't have an EverykeyWesley van Kuijen on March 27
Couple of days and they'll be saying: April fools!Lauren LaPointe on March 25
When are you shipping ?Fabien Magras on March 24
And say that I had spoken about this product around me. Everybody told me that it was a brilliant product. Today I undergone the mockery of some which tells me that I did well to have.
Shall see we one day this long-awaited product?.
Could have us an update when in the delivery of our product?.Lexi Sprague on March 23
Ironically the kids who run this are great. I know them... But this is super annoying. They have gotten soooo much capital, presented everywhere and still can't deliver.Shawn Pisarski on March 22
An update would be nice. Shipping by end of this month I expect..Rob Primrose on March 21
So when can we expect an update saying that there's been another delay?Wesley van Kuijen on March 20
Probably never!Ibrahim on March 17
when should we expect the productSean Yeo on March 16
When will we receive the product??Jeff Sooley on March 14
I ordered two wrists bands of the same colour can I change one rest band colour? Also when is the product ready to ship?Creator Everykey Inc. on March 14
@Jacob de Vos please message customer support with your requested color changes and we will account for it in our records!Creator Everykey Inc. on March 14
@Subramanian Seduraman We will be sending all backers both band accessory sizes, so we have you covered!Jacob de Vos on March 11
We've chosen the colors of everykey more than a year ago and would like to change it. Can I receive the orderform again?Fabien Magras on March 11
by against, could you specify what year because it's getting very long?Subramanian Seduraman on March 10
Is there a way I can update my size?Creator Everykey Inc. on March 7
@Omarei @RaÌ¼l @Michell Papai @Phil Pearce @George Mingay @Fabien Magras We estimate that we will commence shipping by the end of March to all backers (domestic and international). We appreciate your continued patience as we perfect our product!Creator Everykey Inc. on March 7
@Samr You can change your shipping address by clicking Campaign and then finding your backer level. Within the backer level you should see a link next to your backer survey data that says "Your response". Click that link and there should be a link near the top of the page to change your address.
Creator Xolutronic 1 day ago
@Chris, could you please elaborate more about this specific situation. Please send us a detailed description of such situation to our email support at getpassfort.com. Thank you in advanced!Chris 1 day ago
Will this work with services that ask for specific characters of the password not a full password ?Creator Xolutronic 6 days ago
@Edwin, yes we will be sharing some interesting facts from the survey in the future.Edwin on April 5
Xolutronic: will you be sharing the most important outcome of the survey with us? Not expecting a full report, just highlights/suggestions that are going to make it to the production units of PASSFORTFraser Larcombe on April 4
@Troy the last update sort of tells youTroy Aswegan on April 4
What is the current status of this product?Jonny on March 26
Thanks for your update survey. Remember you can't be all things to all users ;)
I was answering the survey but I will be giving the two passforts to my two young kids. so I've inter-operability needs between how easily my kids can use it and how I (as the parent) can ensure their passwords are backed up and the system stays safe.
Good luck with the final pushFraser Larcombe on March 3
Nice work guys, great update and looking forward to getting these later in the year.Jerry on March 2
@Xolutronic - Thanks for your latest update. Wow, 4x upgraded storage for accounts - that is HUGE, what a great addition to an already great product! Your video PCB pre-production run was also terrific. You guys are putting so many other KS campaigns to shame! Good work guys.Creator Xolutronic on March 2
@All Backers - Hello! Thank you for your patience, new update is coming today... :DTom on March 1
Don't forget about us!!!Trent McKee on February 25
Hi! What is latest updates?Jerry on February 1
@Xolutronic - Thanks for the update and I'm sorry to hear about the parts challenge but you are going about remediation the proper way. I bet you're really glad you checked on the manufacturer before sending them the money for parts they might have never delivered! That's what due diligence is all about. It's also a good lesson to try to avoid using a part unless it is available for two or more suppliers. I have total confidence you will deliver an awesome product! Thanks.Le Puz on January 31
I'm sorry that you hit some manufacturing troubles
:(
No worries about the release date being pushed back. I definitely appreciated the comprehensive update notification (e-mail)--thank you! Still looking forward to the finished product!Fraser Larcombe on January 21
@thx creator, I'm hoping you have a great year too, it should be once this is all finished •À_Creator Xolutronic on January 18
@Fraser Larcombe, May you have a happy and prosperous 2016! We are making progress everyday. An update with more details is scheduled to be published by the end of this month.Fraser Larcombe on January 17
Any updates on how things are coming along?Fraser Larcombe on January 8
@Sim all rewards are for March, so, my guess is March unless delayedSim Dyi Yang on January 7
When I can get my Passfort?Jerry on December 8
@Xolutronic - If you haven't seen it checkout John Mcafee's EveryKey on IGG. Their approach is totally different than yours (ie, they use encrypted BLE to identify your proximity and access an encrypted keychain on the local device with lockout in the event your key is lost or stolen). Based on your architecture I suspect that you could implement a similar functionality down the road giving your users the option for manual vs automatic device access and logins.Creator Xolutronic on November 27
@Jerry, thank you!Jerry on November 27
@Xolutronic - Thanks for the update and congratulations on your award! I'm glad to hear you are making excelling progress and that your hard work is being appropriately recognized.Creator Xolutronic on November 19
@Marc Gabriel P. Funa, answered via private message. Thank you.Marc Gabriel P. Funa on November 17
Hi, when can i get my invoice for the product i pledged? Thank you:)Creator Xolutronic on November 2
@Tyler Rudie, some of our backers have asked for the Google Authenticator feature. It is not in our current development roadmap, but our developer team think it is possible to implement with our current hardware. Still no promises about whether or not this will be included in a future release of Passfort's firmware. But rest assure when we do release new firmware based features, you'll be able to update your Passfort for free.Tyler Rudie on November 1
@creator Has anyone asked about using the device like a Battle.net or Google Authenticator?Julien Souppod on October 20
Aaaaaahhhh !! Ok, thanks ;)Fraser Larcombe on October 20
@Julien it was just the Kickstarter survey confirming your address, nothing else has been sent out.Julien Souppod on October 20
Hi Xolutroteam !
I was looking in my mail/and spams actually, for the survey you should have sent to me, but nothing, are you sure that all your baker's was noticed by the survey ?
Thanks,Steve Totte on October 16
Since i read that LastPass was hacked i realised that i don't want all my passwords to be somewhere on the cloud, all in one place. Encrypted or not.
This Kickstarter looks interesting too for off the cloud old generation solution:
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/programming/password-generating-bookCreator Xolutronic on October 8, 2015
@Jerry, good suggestion. We can see this add some value and have put this in our feature request list. Not currently in our development roadmap, but could be added to it in the future.Jerry on October 5, 2015
@Xolutronic - Good work, guys! I knew I was getting on board with a sharp team when I backed this! Here's another idea for you if you haven't considered it (and it's probably a 3 minute implementation): If you have a "screensaver" (blank or other screen before you enter your password) you could have a "Contact Me" button in case you do lose your keys (ie, if you don't have it tethered to your phone). If someone finds your keys with Passfort attached (and they are honest) they would look at, see the button, press it, and Passfort would display an email address where they could message you to tell you they found your keys. If they were crooks the email address wouldn't tell them who you are (you would warn people in the manual not to use an email with their name in it) or where you live so there's no chance crooks could use the keys. You would just make it a text field entered via the SynchApp so people could put whatever message they like (and they are free to leave it blank) or disable/hide the button in SynchApp. What do you think? Easy and useful is a great combination.Creator Xolutronic on October 5, 2015
@Jerry, Thank you! And yep, that's also how it will work. The buzzer is already there, please have a look at our campaign description, right in the "PROTOTYPE PHOTOS" section, look for a black round device positioned in the bottom-right corner of the Electronic Circuit. :DFraser Larcombe on October 5, 2015
@xolutronic - excellent, thanks, look it forward to this more and more, not sure I can wait!Jerry on October 5, 2015
@Xolutronic - that's a great feature! A related question: does Passfort have a sound maker (buzzer or beeper) in it? Since when the firmware is upgraded it will maintain a bluetooth link to the phone in case the keys are left behind Passfort could also buzz or beep if the phone is left behind - that way, either way, you are covered (and in doing so it would also protect handbags and briefcases if you keep your phone in them). How cool would that be? And the beeper could be used for other UI related purposes if desired (although you would want to be able to turn it off as an option most likely). Thanks.Creator Xolutronic on October 4, 2015
@Fraser Larcombe, thank you for your suggestion. We are happy to let you know that this is a feature we already have in PASSFORT's development roadmap. The hardware was designed from the ground up to support such feature and it will be enabled later on with a free firmware upgrade. So once again, we have you covered! :DFraser Larcombe on October 3, 2015
@creator just a thought, and probably for version 2, could you make a Bluetooth link to your phone to ensure you don't leave your keys behind. I know it's not what the product is about, but it's just adding an extra feature to something that has electronics attached to your keys.Creator Xolutronic on October 2, 2015
@Kenneth Cheong, we are working on schedule for March 2016 delivery. Thank you.Creator Xolutronic on October 2, 2015
@Julien Souppod, yes, if you use an image based masterkey, PASSFORT randomizes the images placement on the screen to prevent guessing.Kenneth Cheong on October 2, 2015
When is delivery?Julien Souppod on October 1, 2015
Hello team,
Congrats for this great project.
I'm working in computer technology, and I'm interesting in security. Do you plan to randomise the displaying of each items during the authentication on the device ? I'm pretty sure that if someone could have access to the device, the initial pass could be guess just by looking at fingerprints on the screen. In addition, if the display of the symbols is not randomised, it hugely reduce the security level of the device.
Thanks,Creator Xolutronic on September 24, 2015
@Brandon Chee, thanks for the observation. reply sent, and Thank You!Brandon on September 24, 2015
@Creator, I've sent you a private message, could you please respond? Thanks a bunch!Creator Xolutronic on September 23, 2015
@Paolo Garcia, yes, that's rightPaolo Garcia on September 23, 2015
I can fill up login credentials in an application with this right? For example, I could use passfort to fill up my username and password in my phone's facebook app. right?Creator Xolutronic on September 21, 2015
@TREBOUTA CHRISTOPHE, bonjour! Sorry, we couldn't fully understand you. Maybe you could send us a direct message explaining yourself further.Creator Xolutronic on September 21, 2015
@Troy Aswegan, as @Fraser Larcombe said, delivery dates where set for each reward. Of course we are working to exceed them, but can't make any promises right now.Creator Xolutronic on September 21, 2015
@Paul Chambers, don't worry, you will be able to use LastPass .csv export feature and then import your accounts into your PASSFORT by using our Sync App.Fraser Larcombe on September 21, 2015
@Troy the rewards section clearly states delivery dates, March 2016 so not before this Xmas.TREBOUTA CHRISTOPHE on September 20, 2015
Bonjour,
Will put you in the case of French?
Thanks
Robert Abbott on February 25
I have contacted you via the email address given and have not been contacted yet. I guess I will try again...Christopher Jahja on February 24
A little positive encouragement for you guys. I'm really keen to have my mum start using this tag, she's on android.
Or just update us on profess would be good too.Andrew Chen on February 16
How's the progress on the android app? Still can't use mine because no app.Creator Wearsafe Labs on January 26
Just a reminder that we are replying to all specific comments from our support@wearsafe.com email system and we should have already responded to all of you. If not, please contact us there and we will be sure to get back to you right away.Lisa Carboni on January 17
I received my tags months ago, however they are useless until the android app is released.
We have not had an update in a month. Would it be possible for @Wearsafe to let us know what is happening?Roxana on January 5
Hello! Can anyone that is using it pleAse review it?? Thanks!Van Yuen on January 2
I haven't receive my tag even just now since Nov and no one has replied by email recently. Please contact me ASAP.finola jennings Clark on December 16
Hi - I haven't received a tag yet - can you let me know if it was in fact shipped to me and if so, where it was sent?Mariia on December 14
Hi developers! I did not have my Wearsafe Tag yet! Tell me please why. Maybe I missed some interview for my delivery?Creator Wearsafe Labs on December 11
Oh, and the Android app is still top priority for us! We're aiming for January to allow for proper testing. It's important that our app doesn't go out until we know it will work when you need it and we appreciate your patience!Creator Wearsafe Labs on December 11
Just letting you know that we are replying to all of the below comments from our support@wearsafe.com email system so we should have already responded to all of you.

Sorry it took so long to deliver to other countries! US Customs held us up for quite a while.Sorana Dinmore on December 6
hi, still no tags? are you still shipping them? Cheers, SHans Blokpoel on December 6
Recieved my order in The NetherlandsBas S on December 4
Website is accessible from Thailand, thanks for quick response.Bas S on December 4
Problem: Received package, looks great. Based in Thailand, but cannot already for many days access wearsafe website. Already registered the units, yet have problems logging in and looking for advice on your website...but cannot access! Have you blocked Thailand?? Looking forward to hearing from you.Fi on December 4
Mine arrived a week ago in London. :-)Jac-y-do on November 29
Any update on the android app??Jac-y-do on November 29
Received mine yesterday in the UKIan on November 25
Hi
Just a question on when I am likely to receive my wearsafe devices
Thank you
Ian BuxtonPenelope on November 21
HI Wearsafe
I'm in NZ and I haven't received the Tags. Can you please contact me in relation to this ASAP to clarify where in the process you are at in sending them out. Everyone else seems to have received their items.
ThanksPeter Kah on November 19
Dear Wearsafe team, if you have send the packet to Germany, could you please gimme the tracking number (only to have an idea where it could be). Thanks a lot.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 19
David,
I'm sorry, but we have been trying to reach you via support@wearsafe as well as personal messages through kickstarter for that last week. Please contact us at support@wearsafe so we can be sure we are able to communicate back and forth with you. We have some information about your order we have been trying to relate and are very sorry that you don't seem to be getting our repeated efforts to contact you!
Thanks,
KimDavid Longo on November 19
Are you still shipping units out? I haven't received mine but a friend has. I just want to make sure they're not lost in transit or anything.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 16
Hello everyone! Good news- we have updated the FAQ page on our website, so you might find answers to any questions you have there. If you would like to check it out, go to: wearsafe.com/supportCreator Wearsafe Labs on November 16
Roxana and Leah, we are transferring your inquiries to our support@wearsafe help desk so we can be sure to answer your questions much faster than through KS. We encourage anyone with questions to contact us there since we check regularly throughout the day, and try to keep up with KS comments a few times a week. Thanks!
And in case anyone else is wondering, you can go back to your original subscription link to add more emails into any blank fields at a later date.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 16
Gretchen, I'm so sorry that when we sent our response to you through our support desk, the email we had for you was incorrect. As we wrote through Wearsafe support, your new Tag is shipping to you today and we're all squared away with your new address. Sorry for the confusion!Leah Glasscock-Sanders on November 16
I received my Tag, however I never received my "2nd email", the one with my lifetime subscription info. This is my 2nd request for information about it. I'd really appreciate a response.Gretchen on November 14
I have sent 2 emails and haven't gotten any responses! I recently relocated addresses and never got my tag! Can someone please respond to me!! I'm really excited about getting this as soon as possible!Jac-y-do on November 14
Still waiting for mine in the UK. Hope it arrives soon :)Roxana on November 11
HI! I have not been able to activate account as it says, I can not change information in the future?? what if I only fill for 2 people, would I be able to add other two emails later on? I want an account for each of my kids, but they do not have emails yet. Please advise.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 10
We have shipped all of the devices at this point, but some might still be in transit. If you are in the US and have not received your Tag within the next 2/3 days, please make sure you filled out your backer survey with your address and sent it in.
We hope you will continue to let us know what you think through support@wearsafe.com!Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 10
Sami, we are working hard to get the Android version of the Wearsafe App ready soon since we know that the other half of the population might like to use Wearsafe as well! We will let you know when we have a date for the release.Emily Stinchcomb on November 8
I have not received my wearsafe products yet - have they been shipped out yet?Sami Welch on November 7
When I ordered, my son had an iPhone. He now has an android device. Is there a Wearsafe app in Google Play? Thx.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 3
Jean, I have sent you a private message through our support desk. That way we can be sure to follow up faster.
If anyone has specific questions, please contact us through: support@wearsafe.com. Thanks!Jean Y. Brody on November 3
Okay I want to be sure that I don't mess this up. I got the 4 with lifetime service. I just got a notice that the devices have been shipped off. I also got the subscription link email. Now before I click on the subscription link I just want to verify that I am giving the devices to four members of my family, so shouldn't each of them get a separate subscription link? I don't want all four devices to be registered only to me and my lifetime. I want my parents to each have one, and my son. They will all have different networks of people to be notified, I want the lifetime coverage on them. Basically, when they hit the button it will alert that they are in trouble, not me. Does that make sense? I want them to be able to decide for themselves who should be alerted and be able to make changes themselves.Creator Wearsafe Labs on November 3
Hello everyone! We have had two questions which we've been answering through private messages and updates but might deserve a group comment. The extra charge you saw as mentioned below is not actually a real charge. It was an error from our shipping company and you will only be charged the original amount that you already paid to kickstarter. Sorry about that!
And if you did not yet find your email with a link to sign up for your lifetime service, it could be that it went to spam. Please check your email folders for the following subject, "Subscription link".
If you still do not find it, please contact us at support@wearsafe.com.
Thanks!Sarah Latour on November 2
Wearsafe team : I backed the project for $30 and was charged $39 plus the $7 shipping. How can I go about figuring out if you overcharged me ?Creator Wearsafe Labs on October 31
We hope everyone has received our updates letting you know that we have begun shipping and that our Wearsafe App 1.0 is now available on iTunes for download! (Android is still on track for the end of this year.) We have been replying to each of your messages faster than through comments, but we want to make sure everyone is kept up to date.
We're thrilled that you can now begin to use Wearsafe and please share any comments you might have by emailing us directly at support@wearsafe. Our team is ready to answer your questions and our FAQ page is being continuously updated to reflect your response.
Thank you again for your patience, support, and all of the positive feedback as we make our way through this exciting launch time!
All our best,
The Wearsafe TeamHans Blokpoel on October 29
thanx for the update!Jean-Paul Bondy on October 17
Last update was two weeks ago, but wasn't about shipping.
Please do let us backers know any type of status, it would really go a long way.Roxana on October 16
Any updates? Thanks!Penelope on October 15
Hi @Creator
It would be great to get an update on where you are up to at the moment. It's been a bit since we've heard from you and considering the delivery of the stuff was pushed back a bit some regular updates would go a long way towards making backers feel more confident.Jonathan Filipski on October 14, 2015
I went back and looked and I got the email on Sept 10 but cant find where I go to fill out the survey, please let me know.Tiffany L on October 13, 2015
Just checking the shipment status. Any ideas when we can expect the items to ship out?Amy Fulmer on September 28, 2015
I was a supporter (75$ for two devices with lifetime service). I see that a message sent out September 10th with the survey to give my color preference and mailing address. I didn't receive the email. How do I complete the survey? My email is amyfulmer1979@yahoo.comMonica Emerson on September 28, 2015
Is there an estimated shipping date yet?Gretchen on September 26, 2015
Haven't heard anything about shipping in a bit, any updates? So excited!!Creator Wearsafe Labs on September 13, 2015
Mollie, I just checked and sent you a message. Roxana, I received your survey response so I'm glad that you got it.
As for adding on additional Tags, at this time, we can no longer offer the Kickstarter pricing with free lifetime service, but we are now taking pre-orders at wearsafe.com if you'd like additional units.Mollie Roberts on September 10, 2015
Hi I'm super excited to get my Wearsafe device ... I have a question. I pledged $60 for TWO devices and my email only states One device. In the early stages of pledging, there was a question posted about this and the answer from kickstarted was just pledge $60 instead of $30 and you will get two.
Can you please check on that ??
Mollie
Nils Neumann on January 11
here: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1904431672
...good luck :P
Michael, if you read this.. Please say sorry or explain something or tell us what happened to the money and why the project stopped. Or listen to Lisandro and start working again.Lisandro Gaertner on January 8
Now that twitter is going for the 10k tweet, this project could come back from the dead in great style. Does anyone knows where to find the guy?Tim Murakami on November 3
Has anyone gotten any responses from the project creator? I feel I'm pretty patient when it comes to kickstarter projects, but whats the follow up if someone falls through in delivering a product?Patrice on September 2, 2015
Yeah it's dead. The guy isn't though. No update on twitter or here but still posting on facebook. Nice ripoff.James on April 22, 2015
Pretty sure this is dead guys.Anakorn Kyavatanakij on April 3, 2015
What's happening? is it dead :SJoibel on April 2, 2015
Is this project dead now?Patrice on February 16, 2015
What's happening? No update here since october and neither on github....Creator Michael Powers on October 22, 2014
Hi Shawn. All Trsst Project source code is released under the Apache License 2.0 and is currently available on github at: https://github.com/TrsstProject/trsstShawn White on October 22, 2014
Will TRSST be licensed under a particular open source license (GNU, MIT,...)? Thanks in advance.Creator Michael Powers on May 13, 2014
Hi James. The next upcoming release has support for aliases, but you can get started with the current build today. You can create an account right now, and then we'll map your alias to it.James on May 12, 2014
Maybe I've missed the emails, but I have no idea how to log in with my requested username >_>James on May 2, 2014
Is this live yet? Will someone be sending us our usernames/passwords?VinÌ_cius dos Santos Oliveira on March 8, 2014
The updated page[1] is pretty cool (minimalist and clear opposed to the confused-and-now-dead-google-wave) and proves that you had a solid plan on the "looks and feels like Twitter" idea.
=)
[1] http://trsst.com/VinÌ_cius dos Santos Oliveira on February 26, 2014
I'm glad to see the recent and high activity on github.John Proffer on February 25, 2014
I responded and used my handle, not my real name. This real name bullcrap on the internet was started by Google.. I have no intention of revealing my name unless absolutely necessary, e.g. making purchases. Doesn't matter if I'm "john proffer" or "StinkyLeftNut" when I make a comment or post a website.. :PJames on January 30, 2014
Sent a private message a week ago with no reply :(Nico de Haan on January 22, 2014
Hi Michael,
Hope all's going well with Trsst! Received an email I could now submit my User ID. Would you recommend using my real name or using a fake ID? I mean: the objective of Trsst! is to be secure and I'm just curious for your suggestion and considerations.
Thanks in advance for replying. Cheers.John Proffer on December 6, 2013
any update?Creator Michael Powers on November 17, 2013
Hi John. Literally working on the software (here, late on a Sunday) as you posted, but we'll release when it's ready and not before. I'd say an initial source release is still a week away, but note that this early source release is a self-imposed deadline and a change of plans, for the better.John Proffer on November 17, 2013
2 months later.. still no updates. As a software engineer, this spells doom to me -- any developer working on something like this would be excited about posting progress, especially after being paid $65k to do so.John Holbrook on October 24, 2013
OH man. Posted to the wrong project. ignore my last post.John Holbrook on October 23, 2013
Got my shipping notice today. (Canada - Late backer) WOOT!Creator Michael Powers on October 15, 2013
Hi John. Quiet usually equates to productive around here. We're working on the software right now - working toward the early access sdk release. Will keep you posted.John Proffer on October 15, 2013
any updates? Project has been super quiet since Sept 20 - almost a month ago. Any progress with the software? Beta previews? details? anything?Creator Michael Powers on September 20, 2013
Thanks Zak for a good question, and I'm glad that kickstarter reminder button exists. :)
Aside from if someone mentions you in a post, you'll only see posts from people you follow or things that they repost, so we're only as susceptible to malicious clickbait as Twitter and Facebook already are.
The case of someone mentioning you in a post also happens on Twitter, and effectively reduces to the problem of unsolicited messages aka spam.
In both cases, while we cannot prevent accounts from being created nor control them, I can imagine a blacklist infrastructure evolving much as has happened with SMTP where servers in certain countries may refuse to syndicate posts from blacklisted accounts. Trsst account ids could be blacklisted for spam, malware links, and/or illegal activity including even bullying and defamation in places like the UK. I think that has to happen at some point. But in all cases individual providers would have the freedom to set their own policies.
(Another additional option is to require unsolicited mentioners to pay you in BTC if they want you to see their message.)Zak Morris on September 19, 2013
Great concept Michael, happy I set the reminder and got my pledge in with an hour to go!
As a security professional, I can't help but see this as having potential for harboring individuals/entities that are propagating malware, blackhole-rootkits, etc, in the same vein that ToR is frequently used to mask recon and hacking sources.
With a cornerstone of anonymity, is there any measures in place to combat this? It doesn't seem like web-washers, proxies, or other standard defense tools for filtering/blocking would be effective since targeting of any individual source account doesn't sound possible - unfortunately forcing a more broad *trsst* blocklist entry.
These are some assumptions of course as I'm only keying off the how I'm interpreting the service functions.
Thanks in advance.Creator Michael Powers on September 19, 2013
Yep, this week we're in the organizational stage with KS and sorting out who's on the advisory panel. Work has already begun on the protocol and prototype. We do want to get something out as soon as possible as we're rather overwhelmed by the amount of interest and support from you guys.John Proffer on September 19, 2013
nevermind, just noticed the home page said launch is december. wow quite a ways off! Still, super excited to see what comes of this platform.John Proffer on September 19, 2013
so, its been almost a week, and still no word. any update?John Proffer on September 14, 2013
congratulations on getting funded! I look forward to seeing how this software can be beneficial to people living in oppressive countries.VinÌ_cius dos Santos Oliveira on September 14, 2013
Now that the project was funded, you need a real logo. Reuse the logo of other projects doesn't sound very professional. Looking foward to use the plataform.
=)Elana Gartner on September 13, 2013
Sorry it took me so long to make my pledge; as you know, awareness of things often evaporates around children. Thank goodness I owed my husband a beer. :) Congratulations on the goal!Sonia Koval on September 13, 2013
I don't even know how to use Twitter, but this does look like an interesting idea worth joining in on. -:)Shawn White on September 13, 2013
Congratulations to everyone on meeting the goal and then some, with time to spare too!Brandon D on September 13, 2013
Umm, we made it. ;-)Alan Lee on September 12, 2013
I just made my pledge. Thanks.Jim Weiler on September 12, 2013
Quadrupled my pledge.. I'd really love to see this project succeed.. Sharing far and wide to do what I can for the cause.. As hot as the topic of privacy is right now, I am a bit saddened to see only 565 people that are willing to contribute toward a platform of this nature. Best of luck to you!David Barron on September 11, 2013
Good luck with the project; I'm sharing it where I can.Creator Michael Powers on September 9, 2013
Barney, everything helps -- also help us get the word out if you can. Many thanks!Barney Hanlon on September 9, 2013
Can only hope this succeeds. When I see a project like this, it truly makes me wish I had enough capital to sit on the board. I'll take comfort in my limited tee and choice of name though :-)Creator Michael Powers on September 6, 2013
Thanks SO MUCH! We are so close that every single one of us is going to get the credit for pushing us over the goal line.James Bryant on September 6, 2013
Love the idea ... just doubled my pledge amount. I'm having a hard time with the name though. Two s's sounds like "tris-esst" in my head. :)Creator Michael Powers on August 23, 2013
Eric and Pen and Clay, thank you!
Ibrahim, you rock!
Laird, we feel good about the consumer side and usability, but we really want all those awesome third-party twitter clients that twitter shut down to come to our side. Similarly, the server-side protocols are really simple, but getting good real-time performance is why we'd like to see a lot of different approaches applied from different providers vying to get good results for the user.Laird Popkin on August 22, 2013
It'll be interesting to see how this plays out. There are some people/groups that will hate this project for exactly the reason that I think it's good and powerful.
The second area I'm curious about is usability. There have been some platforms that tried to do what Trsst is aiming for, but they never got usability right. Normal people don't want to deal with key exchanges, chains of trust, etc., so (for example) secure email has never caught on. Can Trsst provide the same sort of security and signing and/or anonymity, etc., but with the usability that has eluded the previous attempts at securing communications?
I've built a large p2p network before (70m users, woo hop!) and I'm eager to see how you guys pull this off. If you need help / design reviews / whatever, let me know.Ibrahim Cesar on August 21, 2013
Such great news! I'm a early backer for the project and the last news I read on coindesk just make me more proud: The platform, which is currently in development, will allow users to send messages secretly and anonymously, if they so desire.
It will be something like a cross between social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter, and blog sites like WordPress, except public posts will be search indexable by anyone and private messages really will be private.
Each user will have a keypair for each Trsst blog they own, and the public key will also be the globally unique identifier for the blog. As this keypair is generated in the same way that bitcoin payment addresses are generated, each Trsst blog ID is therefore a valid destination payment address for bitcoin.
The man behind Trsst, technology entrepreneur Michael Powers, said: ‰ÛThis opens up tremendous room for innovation in content micropayment monetization, including for example ‰Û÷tipping‰Ûª a blogger when you like a post, or being able to charge for an article you wrote based on who is syndicating it and how many views it gets.‰ÛEric Young with Pen & Clay on August 16, 2013
Such a great idea! I wish you the best of luck.
Anouk on April 3
I have not received any response to my emails nor have a received a refund. Could someone please contact me asap?Eon Mostert on September 8, 2015
Has there been ANY progress made at all with regards to LogMeOnce SecureUSB for Mac OS?Ken Schar on August 20, 2015
Money has been refunded to my PayPal account! Thanks a lot guys for taking care of this for me!! Best of luck!!Calvin on August 19, 2015
With respect to Update #28, I have received a refund through PayPal of $272 for the LMO5000. Thanks for processing the refund quickly, and with no fuss.Creator LogmeOnce on August 19, 2015
Hi Jared, Ken, Danang,
Please provide us with a method to refund. We have also sent you private message about this request;
1. Do you have a PayPal account? This will be the quickest method to refund.
2. Or an address, where a check could be sent via US Mail.
Please communicate in private message, so your information will not show here. Thank you.
Cheers,
The LogMeOnce TeamCreator LogmeOnce on August 14, 2015
Hi Jared,
Please provide us with a method to refund.
1. Do you have a PayPal account? This will be the quickest method to refund.
2. Or an address, where a check could be sent via US Mail.
Please communicate in private message, so your information will not show here. Thank you.
Cheers,
The LogMeOnce TeamJared Schwarz on August 13, 2015
I want a refund or I'll be disputing these charges no word from developers or product for ages this is robbery.Creator LogmeOnce on August 13, 2015
Dear Kickstarter Backers,
Good day and thank you for your continued support.
Back in March, with our update #27 about LMO5000, we requested for time to focus on a better battery back up design. Except for couple of backers, almost all backers confirmed their desire to wait for a better design. LMO5000 back up battery design is in progress with our battery vendor. Present battery life/test is not acceptable to our rigorous standards yet.
While we sincerely appreciate your indulgence and patience to wait for a better design, in order to avoid inconvenience for our LMO5000 group, I would like to re-iterate on the information that I shared back on March 25th.
1. We will refund your payment in full, for LMO 5000 order. As soon as a new design is approved, you will be notified, and you may order the product at the same discounted price. Or,
2. Instead of a LMO5000, we will replace it with one or two units of LMO3000 (as you wish). If any balance is available, it can be refunded immediately, or can be applied towards other new products that we will be announcing in the immediate future. Or,
3. Receive 50% discount on all LogMeOnce software products; LogMeOnce Password Manager (Professional / Ultimate editions), and future products we will announce soon until equivalent Dollar amount for LMO5000 is reached.
While we have made considerable investments on LMO5000, I am confident that you would agree and prefer to receive a fully functional product rather than a design that is not approved by our QA team. Please identify your desired option, and respond via private message, so that we can process your request accordingly.
I do appreciate your continued support and patience, and please accept my apologies for any inconvenience or infrequency in our communication. Thank you, and please stay tuned for our next announcements.
Sincerely,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEODanang wirawan on July 6, 2015
Hellow!! and what can KS do about this??!!
No responsibility from the owner of the project!!Ken Schar on June 30, 2015
Same here - nothing! And still have not received the item based on my support level! Finally asked for a refund which was provided as an option and still absolutely no response.Nic LaBuz on June 26, 2015
Are these guys even in business? Have sent emails, tweets, etc? Not sure that I would even use the product if they shipped it. Total disaster...Danang wirawan on May 16, 2015
They NEVER Reply!!Nic LaBuz on May 6, 2015
Has anyone heard anything from them? I've sent nearly 10 emails / messages over the last two weeks and radio silence. Getting extremely annoyed.pna on April 28, 2015
Can we have some updates please.
thanksDenis Pozzebon on April 11, 2015
Put me down for option one, and I also have a iPhone 5 cLois Dirkes on March 25, 2015
Thank you so much for the email.
I would like to take option #1
I truly appreciate you wanting to make the best possible LogMeOnce.
Good luck and I look forward to getting one.
Lois DirkesTakahashi Yousuke on December 29, 2014
Hi there
I live in Japan. You will not be able to find the LogmeOnce apps in Google Play of Japan.
Do Will not be used android app outside the United States?Creator LogmeOnce on December 23, 2014
for Mac OS users ONLY:
.
Please see the following table (weblink), and information that follows.
.
http://s10.postimg.org/gunrypill/Log_Me_Once_Secure_USB_Mac_OS_Delivery_Schedule.png
.
** Note for Mac OS users ONLY:
.
a) To manage your passwords on your Mac laptop, you may use LogMeOnce Password Manager (item number 3 of above table). Like Windows OS, LogMeOnce SecureUSB for Mac OS will be pre-loaded with LogMeOnce Password Manager. Until its official release in Q2 of 2015, you may easily sign up at https://secure.logmeonce.com/sign_up.php Please signup using free ‰ÛÏPremium‰Û edition, and send us a private message with your UserID. We will internally upgrade you to the ‰ÛÏUltimate‰Û edition, free of charge.
.
b) Additionally, you can actually use your LogmeOnce SecureUSB as a Two-Factor Authentication token for secure login.
.
c) Another suggestion is a Windows OS Emulator for Mac users. They can access the full features of LogMeOnce via parallels or bootcamp for Mac.
.
d) Portable SecureUSB is planned for 2nd quarter of 2015. Please keep in mind that LogMeOnce follows strict guidelines on testing, and quality assurance to deliver products with high quality. Hence, schedules are dependent to successful approvals, or may slip. If you wish to cancel your order, please let us know, and we will refund you 100%.
.
e) Mac OS users, We still love you even if you may cancel your order. We will provide you with a complimentary gift of ‰ÛÏLogMeOnce Ultimate edition‰Û for three years, worth about $120.
Thank you.
.
Sincerely,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEO
.
Passwords Made Easy!
https://www.LogMeOnce.com
Password & Identity ManagementCreator LogmeOnce on December 23, 2014
for Mac OS users ONLY:
Please see the following table (weblink), and information that follows.
http://s10.postimg.org/gunrypill/Log_Me_Once_Secure_USB_Mac_OS_Delivery_Schedule.png
** Note for Mac OS users ONLY:
a) To manage your passwords on your Mac laptop, you may use LogMeOnce Password Manager (item number 3 of above table). Like Windows OS, LogMeOnce SecureUSB for Mac OS will be pre-loaded with LogMeOnce Password Manager. Until its official release in Q2 of 2015, you may easily sign up at https://secure.logmeonce.com/sign_up.php Please signup using free ‰ÛÏPremium‰Û edition, and send us a private message with your UserID. We will internally upgrade you to the ‰ÛÏUltimate‰Û edition, free of charge.
b) Additionally, you can actually use your LogmeOnce SecureUSB as a Two-Factor Authentication token for secure login.
c) Another suggestion is a Windows OS Emulator for Mac users. They can access the full features of LogMeOnce via parallels or bootcamp for Mac.
d) Portable SecureUSB is planned for 2nd quarter of 2015. Please keep in mind that LogMeOnce follows strict guidelines on testing, and quality assurance to deliver products with high quality. Hence, schedules are dependent to successful approvals, or may slip. If you wish to cancel your order, please let us know, and we will refund you 100%.
e) Mac OS users, We still love you even if you may cancel your order. We will provide you with a complimentary gift of ‰ÛÏLogMeOnce Ultimate edition‰Û for three years, worth about $120.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEO
Passwords Made Easy!
https://www.LogMeOnce.com
Password & Identity ManagementWilliam on December 23, 2014
I received mine as well and I agree about the high quality. Now I just have to find some time to figure out exactly how this works!Jeffrey on December 23, 2014
I finally got my usb! Very high quality.
On mac support, I have heard it is comming out early next year... it sill works as a usb drive in the mean time! =pKelly Lauterbach on December 21, 2014
I also need it to be Mac friendly! I thought it was since there wasn't anything stating it wasn't. UGH now what?Jeffrey on December 21, 2014
Update:
I actually reread their post, and they said it would be mac 9.0 and up compatible. Is your mac at version 9.0 or higher?Jeffrey on December 21, 2014
@Sarah
I was not aware of this either. Hopefully they will fix it soon. On the flip side, your mac can run windows at the same time using parallels.Sweet Sarah (Sweets930) on December 21, 2014
I finally received the USB and the LogMeOnce but did not realize it was going to be for PC. I cannot open nor use it because I use MACs. So I need this to be MAC friendly.Creator LogmeOnce on December 19, 2014
Dear Mr. Mitra,
Thank you for your comments. It‰Ûªs very much appreciated.
We are waiting for LMO5000 test results that are due middle of next week. Upon approval, we can expect final integration during the first week of January. Shipments will follow immediately. Thank you.
.
Sincerely,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEO
Passwords Made Easy!
https://www.LogMeOnce.com
Password & Identity ManagementSayan Mitra on December 19, 2014
Hi... So I backed the LMO5000 for which the estimated shipping date was Oct 2014.
Today is the first mention of the LMO5000 and that you are starting work on the same. While this information is highly appreciated, I would like to point out that if you couldn't make the shipment in Oct, atleast a post to that effect or an update would have been highly appreciated.
Even today, what would be nice is an estimation of when you would begin shipping the LMO5000. Whereas, I can completely understand delays, etc creeping in, what is really unacceptable is the lack of communication on the same.
I can assure you that the updates on this project are pitiful and should you not change your ways, it would be the last of your projects that I would back or recommend backing.Jeffrey on December 19, 2014
Calm your horses Robert. I guess I have to inform you that only the last 5 of the tracking number is different. Stop spamming unnecessary complaints, and start acting like a civil human.Brent Roberts on December 19, 2014
@creator ummm so you publicly post up my tracking number? Wouldn't it be proper (as you claim) to handle this privately?
I find it hypocritical that you dictate how I should act while you delayed shipping without notice to ANY backers and even when private messaged or asked here publicly to provide any information (since it was almost a month since you proclaimed you were shipping) you ignored their questions. Why not be respectful and just PM me the tracking number and I can check for myself since it is MY tracking number?Creator LogmeOnce on December 19, 2014
@ Brent,
Please see the following (your tracking number has been blurred out).
http://s30.postimg.org/6zlza1381/Log_Me_Once_Tracking_Number_Brent.png
In a public site, refrain from using improper language.
.
Kevin Shahbazi, CEO
Passwords Made Easy!
https://www.LogMeOnce.com
Password & Identity ManagementCreator LogmeOnce on December 19, 2014
@ William,
Please see the following (your tracking number has been blurred out).
http://s16.postimg.org/le78dvmhh/Log_Me_Once_Tracking_Number_William.png
It should be there today (Friday), if you need any assistance setting up your product, feel free to let us know!
Regards,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEO
Passwords Made Easy!
https://www.LogMeOnce.com
Password & Identity ManagementBrent Roberts on December 18, 2014
I haven't received anything either! WTF?!?!?William on December 18, 2014
They have the nerve to post that "By now, everyone..." I haven't received crap from the creators. WTF??Jeffrey on December 18, 2014
Hopefully soon, if not, message them to make sure.William on December 18, 2014
No tracking info here yet...Creator LogmeOnce on December 18, 2014
@Casey,
Thank you for your kind words and patience. We just sent you a private message with your tracking number.
Per your request, I have forwarded your information to our technical team. You will receive invitation with an early download to our Android software. Thank you.
Sincerely,
Kevin Shahbazi, CEOJeffrey on December 18, 2014
I have received my tracking info, should be here on the 20th!!!William on December 18, 2014
@Jeffrey
For sure I will...Jeffrey on December 17, 2014
@william
I will post as soon as I get my tracking number, you should do the same.William on December 17, 2014
I'll believe the update when I receive my tracking info. Not until then. We have already received an update about a supposed shipping date for the product and that has apparently turned out to be completely false. Now, the product is being "updated" and that is why the shipping has been delayed? How come there was no report of this to the backers - rather, the Creator just let us think he had shipped our products out.
If I don't get a tracking number by COB today (Wednesday-12/17/2014), I'm still reporting this to KS...Creator LogmeOnce on December 16, 2014
Hi Jeff,
I am online. Lets talk on Skype!Jeffrey on December 16, 2014
Thank you for the update! It is much welcomed! But in the future, PLEASE let us know ahead of time - it will make everybody happier!! =DBrent Roberts on December 16, 2014
Ok so this creator logged in today but yet delivered nothing. This creator just took our money and ran. Thief, scam, liar. Yup great qualitiesBrent Roberts on December 15, 2014
Start your chargebacks ppl bc this creator flat out lied to all of us. What a scam.Jeffrey on December 15, 2014
@LogmeOnce
Time is ticking. Please post an update soon. If you do not deliver, (while I do not mean to be aggressive) please keep in mind that backers can, and will successfully get refunds from banks. I do not wish to resort to these means!Jason Baum on December 15, 2014
Last update for LMO4000 was Nov 19 and said "shipping within the next 5 business days" Please let us know where our product is.William on December 15, 2014
I've sent a message to the creator wondering where my supposedly shipped product is but as they have not logged in since the middle of last month, I'm not expecting a reply. It's probably already been done, but if I don't hear from the creator in two days, I will report this to KS...William on December 12, 2014
Has anybody received in the last few days? An update from the creators would be much appreciated...Brent Roberts on December 11, 2014
Scam?Brent Roberts on December 11, 2014
Last login Nov. 19?!?!? Ummm where are the updates or information?!?!?
Michael Rensing about 16 hours ago
Just got the early bird delivery. Looking forward to messing around with it in the next week or two!Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on March 31
@Bernardino - Sorry, it seems we missed your questions here; answers inline
>> I can program my babies through usb cable and ARDUINO console, isn't it? USB baby is used to make it wirelessly only. It is the main feature as I see.
Riots intended programing interface is through the cloud. Riots doesn't support programing directly each baby through only a USB cable and Arduino console rather the USB base is required providing the means to enable the local programing.
>> DC control change the voltage of the circuit connected, but it supports 230V? or I have to connect a relay?
DC control supports DC voltage between 5 and 12 volts. In order to support 230V you could connect a relay which would be controlled from the DC controller.
>> Can i change a usb programmer for a light sensor? I bought 39$ package. And how to buy more nowadays?
Perhaps you will still want the USB base considering the above response, for further questions please don't hesitate to message.
We are working to get our webshop operational, please stay tuned.Tohru Ochiai on March 25
I wait eagerly for early certification.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on March 24
@Tohru - We will update you as we progress through the next month and the certifications are executed and schedules finalized.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on March 24
@Tohru - We have been working hard to establish the end-to-end logistics, manufacturing and verification for the Kickstarter Rewards. Thus, the Kickstarter rewards certification will be limited to CE and FCC. Our intention is to follow-up in the early fall with IC and other certification requirements.Tohru Ochiai on March 21
I am thankful if you can answer my question.Tohru Ochiai on March 3
Hi,
How did the following matters that you answered in a question from me turn out afterwards?
"Japan verification is part of our future roadmap. We will update the certification plan in mid-January."Bernardino Morillo Merino on March 3
Dear RIOTS team, some easy questions:
- I can program my babies through usb cable and ARDUINO console, isn't it? USB baby is used to make it wirelessly only. It is the main feature as I see.
- DC control change the voltaje of the circuit connected, but it supports 230V? or I have to connect a relay?
- Can i change a usb programmer for a light sensor? I bought 39$ package. And how to buy more nowadays?
Thanks!Gregory Briddick on January 31
Congrats on successful funding.Milo on January 31
CongratsCreator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 31
@Torsten: Thank you!
@Aaron: PoE is not supported at the moment, but we will check if adding this would be possible since we plan to switch our Ethernet port for next build.Aaron Byman on January 29
Can I power mama with poe?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 22
@Jean Corriveau: we are working on improving our documentation, and start publishing it piece by piece in the near future. Top on the list are developer experience, architecture specification, use case specification
@Michael Rensing: Wlan Mama will be eithern alternative option to Ethernet Mama, or to be purchased separately.Jean Corriveau on January 21
Hi,
Really looking forward to get my hands on those babies, in the mean time is there some documentation available?Michael Rensing on January 21
Is the stretch goal an item we can add to our current reward, or in place of the Ethernet mamma?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 18
@Patrick Wof: Thanks for your support and belief in us!
The package you have selected contains a Mama and Babies. The Mama is to be powered via external power; recommendation is with a Micro USB power source. The babies have the option of being powered with a coin cell battery, through the USB connector or via an external 5-14V DC power source.Patrick Wolf on January 16
Awesome project Riot team, I am looking forward to testing this material.
''Mama and Babies use usb port for power supply'': in the case of a baby acting as a sensor to capture say the temperature, humidity, and CO in a room, what is your piece of advise to keep the system autonomous in a box from a battery standpoint and not have to plug this one to a computer, raspberry Pi, ...
Sorry for the newbie question, I am starting in this space..Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 16
@ Robert StÌ´lis NystrÌ¦m: thanks for hints! Interesting project in IndieGoGo! Z-Wave is something we consider to expand our products to interact with other systems using converter type of Riots Baby (also Zigbee, LoRaWan, BT LE, Modbus are on the roadmap).Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 16
@ Christian Holland: Riots DC controller base is used to control DC voltage. USB gateway is to make USB wireless, so you can communicate with Riots babies wirelessly through USB. Mama and Babies use usb port for power supply and all communication happens wirelessly. Base units contain the sensors/actuators and Core unit contains the processor and radio tranceiver.
Thanks,
Riots teamRobert StÌ´lis NystrÌ¦m on January 16
Hey!
Riots looks totally amazing, I'm really looking forward to trying it out.
Just one question, will you integrate support for z-wave? There is a lot of home automation technology using z-wave and the possiblity to integrate that into Riots would be like a dream come true. It will make Riots more useful if you can use it with other home automation systems.
For an example of home automation that also is crowdfunded, look at Oomi on indiegogo. :)
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/oomi-welcome-home-2-0/Christian Holland on January 16
Hi - I just pledged,
I just wondered what's the riots DC controller is?
Is the DC controller included in a base, or is it just a base with only a DC controller? And the same with the usb gateway...
Just confused because if I want a riots gyro, and a mama, I thought that they both could be accessed by usb by default, so what's a USB gateway used for? And I'm still not sure about the DC controller- can't the baby's communicate with the mama wirelessly by default? Or do you have to buy the DC controller to get that?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 7
@ SK: main differences in addition to hardware and technical differences compared to pinocc.io are the price point, and that we have stronger focus to the end user experience (plug and play sensors).
Br,
Riots teamSK on January 7
Look like a similar concept to me: Pinoccio on CrowdSupply
Could someone give side by side spec/func. comparison.
Thanks.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 4
@ koen: Riots hardware does *NOT* support to run Brillo on it - typing error ... my bad.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on January 4
@ koen: Riots hardware does support to run Brillo on it. Interfacing with Brillo powered devices is expected be possible.koen on January 4
Does riots work with Google Brillo?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 30
@ Omar Pintos: Thank you for interest to our products!
Of course that is possible. We replied you via private message.
Best regards,
Riots teamOmar Pintos on December 30
How can i add 1 Button and 1 Breadboard to my pledge?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 28
@Michael Rensing: Of course! We will publish HW design template for anyone willing to create own baby sensors. And there will be reference source code available showing how to use it.
Most complex parts are in Riots Core, so creating own sensor Base board, or attaching a sensor breakout board (like the ones Sparkfun and Adafruit are selling) is really straightforward.Michael Rensing on December 28
With this project being open source, can we make our own baby sensors? What kind of resources will be available? ThanksCreator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 27
@Hasso Tepper: Yes, correct.Hasso Tepper on December 27
While I understand the point of using cloud, it's certainly not for everyone. And while I understand that local app isn't created (at least for now) by you, are all building blocks there and open source, so I could create a one for myself and use mama locally?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 24
@Tohru Ochiai: Thanks for excellent links.
Japan verification is part of our future roadmap. We will update the certification plan in mid-January.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 24
@Michael: replied to your message. We are targeting to create two cloud setups:
- free cloud where we target to 99% service level, and limit the data storage and bandwidth so that it fulfils the basic needs.
- advanced cloud where we target 100% service level, unlimited data storage and bandwidth + interfaces to external services.
So, yes to both; cloud is robust, and data can be forwarded (or gathered via REST API) to AWS.Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 24
@John: Yes, your scenario sounds possible. At the moment internet connection is needed to update the configuration.
Riots USB provides gateway to manage the riots network via PC. It also requires Internet connection to authenticate and to set up the connection to babies.
Riots USB also provides means to make Arduino IDE wireless - we have successfully integrated wireless Upload and Serial Monitor to Arduino IDE.Michael McKenna-Mattiaccio on December 24
How robust is your cloud? Is it possible to forward all cloud data to AWS in real time?Tohru Ochiai on December 24
When I use the product including the wireless technology in Japan, it is necessary to acquire the certification in Japan.
In the United States, there is means to examine the certification for Japan with application such as the FCC, but is there the plan when you acquire the certification for Japan in riots?
If there is not a plan to acquire the certification for Japan, unfortunately, I must cancel backing.
The following sites will serve as a reference.
https://www.fcc.gov/general/equipment-authorization-japan-mra
http://www.tele.soumu.go.jp/e/sys/equ/tech/index.htm
http://www.soumu.go.jp/main_sosiki/joho_tsusin/eng/Resources/Legislation/MRA/index.htmlJohn Chao on December 24
Sounds great!
So is it possible to configure baby group in the field? I mean the scenario is that I configure them through mama at office and deploy to the field. But later on I need to change some settings or get the data from babies, could I easily do that through my phone? or, need to retreat them to office again to do it through wifi?
And what's "RIOTS USB" used for? for setting babies in the field via notebook? what if that notebook has no internet access?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 24
@John: Yes, Mama is needed to connect to the riots cloud.
Babies are equipped with memory module to hold up to 1000 latest data entries.John Chao on December 24
@creater
Thanks for the response.
So when define babies the first time, do I still needs mama as gateway? or babies could directly access RIOTS cloud through my phone?
And, how many data could babies(let's say, air sensor) store with it's own?Creator Riots Instruments Inc. on December 24
@John: Thanks for excellent questions!
At the moment we are not planning to create an app to local network. RIOTS cloud is used to define how Babies communicate with each other, and to see the collected data. However, Babies do not need cloud to operate since they can communicate directly with each others.
Working distance depends on conditions. Typically 10-20 meters indoors.John Chao on December 23
It's there a local WebUI or APP could use in local network? or it must through RIOTS cloud?John Chao on December 23
What's the working distance between mama and babies?
Thomas JÌ_ger on March 15
The app immediately crashes under Android 6! Please update!!! I couldnt use the wallet once!Doug Johnson on March 12
Hi Michael mine worked great while it worked, any way of getting a replacement since it went bad safewallet staff?crzyb9 on March 12
Have yet to receive mineJosh Riser on March 2
Still don't have mine. Hope you enjoyed my money.Michael Lindley on February 26
Doug, I have to charge mine every week. Sorry to hear yours pooped out. Mine had some intermittent issues, but most of them cleared up when I discovered I was charging it with a bad USB port. I still can't get the app to connect to my phone using the magnifying glass. I have to reboot my phone in order to get it connected.Doug Johnson on February 20
Mine worked GREAT for 3 months. I had to charge it once a month and it worked GREAT for 3 months but when I went to charge it for the 4th month no light can on and no charging. I am very sad because it was a GREAT wallet. :-(Chung Wan Ng on February 14
I have not received my wallet yet.Michele-Patrizio Rossi on February 13
Greetings all
Just wondering whether i am the only one unable to download the app... websites pop up at 404 forbidden! !
Help?Chiaruzzi Florian on February 3
WHY THE FUCK I DIDNT GET SOMETHING ?? NIGGA REALLY??Ikeem J Wilson on January 25
The app just crashes. I can't even use the wallet.Robert on January 19
Mine stopped charging and the port came out of my wallet so garbage and made me laugh because never seen a product so garbage lmaoMichael Lindley on January 17
I've been lucky that mine still charges, and it has only randomly gone off once. Has it been six months already? Seems like I got mine only a few months ago. It works well enough to be functional for me. Though, I am running into issues where it is supposed to be in silent mode, but goes off when I take it out of my pocket. Eh, I got one of the good ones, so I guess I am happy about it.John Elliott on January 15
Got mine a month or two ago. It stopped charging todayDarren Kelly on January 13
Guys, I did receive mine, but to be completely honest, it's,garbage. The creator didn't build it in my opinion, he found a source of these in China, and bought them.
When it arrived, I was quite excited. I put my stuff into it, and then charged it. To make a short story, the wallet kept going off unless you had the wallet on your person, and the phone on your person. The noise it makes is tremendous, but it goes off unpredictably.
I put it back in the box, put it in the closet, where it has been for 6 months.
If you really want it, I'm happy to sell it. Make me an offer.Spookywanluke on January 12
Szymon, all I got from the creators was "It's been sent, check your neighbor's" - no tracking, no idea when it was sent or to which address and no comment to emails over the 4 months.Michael Lindley on January 7
At this point, Szymon, I think it got lost in the mail. That's not really the inventor's fault. What's disappointing is the lack of presence being provided by the inventor. I wish he'd at least try to answer some of the questions that keep appearing here.Szymon Sidor on January 7
I still have not received my wallet! I this a scam?Michael Lindley on December 30
Relihan, you need to turn your note 3 off, and back on for it to detect the wallet.Relihan Myburgh on December 16
I have the pink version, and it pairs over Bluetooth fine (Samsung Note 3), but neither the "SafeWallet" or "SafeWallet Pro" applications will detect it. Any help available?Spookywanluke on December 16
Good morning,
I am just wondering if there is tracking on the shipment of my wallet as I have not received it yet.Michael Lindley on December 16
Too big? It fits just fine in my front jean pocket, and even better in slacks or dress pants. Shorts too.
The last known location feature only updates when you leave your wallet somewhere. However, it is not accurate at all. The other alarms and features work pretty well.Tony Carey on December 8
I cannot give this wallet away. EVERYONE says it's too big. Money down the drown. Oh the irony.Michael Lindley on December 2
It seems like this wallet technology was abandoned for a different format.Ndipiwe Mjekula on December 1
Im still waiting for mine...Please help!Michael Lindley on November 30
Also, the charging LED started out bright when I got it, but dimmed considerably after a couple of days. I can still tell if it is charging or fully charged, but I have to examine it closely to see the light.Michael Lindley on November 30
Hmmm.. My last known location shows my wallet was way off, but still close to my home. I wish there was a button in the app to refresh the location. And, I was never at that location. Yes, this feature needs some work, and the app needs some extra bits to give us more functionality. But if you lose your wallet in the house, you can use the bell button to find it. Not sure how to find your phone except to activate the alarm on the wallet.Michael Lindley on November 30
I've tested out my wallet, and it seems to be working as advertised. I have the app installed, but I haven't tested the last known location feature. It hasn't needed a charge for a few days now. I will look into the last known location feature on my device.Heather K B on November 27
How do I get the wallet to direct me to my lost phone ?Heather K B on November 27
Finally got mine here in western Canada ! My map does not work at all, "Last know location is not available" - NO locations have been available. Does not look anything like the app online does. How do you get it to tell you when "your luggage is approaching" if you put it in your luggage, like the app says ? Please help !!!Eshan Lou on November 25
The tracking MAP is NOT WORKING..It doesn't show the last place and the app keep crashing. Can somebody tell us what is going on?Paul Dorion on November 23
Last update July 10th. ?
No response to concerns regarding app appearing to be totally invasive rather than simple and functional.Carlo Chiodo on November 23
Why you delete negative comments? I short I told: poor leather, poor and invasive app (Android), poor functioning wallet even with last firmware installed. If I had known I would not have boughtdHoot on November 21
Checking the USPS tracking number, mine was accepted in SHANGHAI EMS, CHINA on Nov. 4th, and delivered (US) on November 12th, so once it's shipped it is delivered reasonable quickly...Paul Feinstein on November 19
Just got it. Now I have to find out how to use itRobert on November 18
Live in NJ and got it. It took so long I was like what did I get but its the wallet! http://i.imgur.com/ixSVV5W.jpgNikolai Ramos on November 18
To people who have recieved the wallet, has any one accepted all the conditons in order to use the app.if so how is it working .Steven on November 17
In the US. Have not received anything, despite the fact they said it would ship out in August. Guess being vocal and calling them out results in no product.David Bedford on November 17
Just got mine. Took a while but it's finally here.Ikeem J Wilson on November 16
I have the wallet, but I can not figure out how to connect to it from my phone. I am running Android 6.0 on the Nexus 6.Ikeem J Wilson on November 16
So I changed my address and contacted SmartWallit Inc. And they said they had sent it to my old address. 2 months later, it came to the new address.Paul Dorion on November 16
Will creators of this project ever respond to our concerns about app requiring total access to all functions of smart phones ?????????
WHY ??
WHY does app need to control/access pictures/contacts/and see what pnone numbers I call in future ???????
If no response to these concerns I suggest no one install/use the app.Zack Sheldon on November 16
I haven't received mine. I didn't even know if or when they were being sent out. Could I get some help.....? My email is thetruth700@outlook.com if you need more information such as my address.Nikolai Ramos on November 14
@gregorio vargas lopez, thank you ever so much for responding to my comment. The size and material is fine for me. I havent put it to the test.so is every feature working fine mentioned in the project, such as tracking etc and all the features mentioned.Paolo Giannone on November 14
still nothing ItalyPeter Kah on November 14
Got mine yesterday in Germany.KaranPreet Sandhu on November 13
So finally I received mine.
Frankly not really useful on daily basis. Keep Giving beeps and sirens even without touching it or even within range.
30.00$ - Hummm shouldn't be complaining. (Delivery time sucked and so did the customer service).
Over all piece of tech - not really useful.GREGORIO VARGAS LOPEZ on November 13
@Nikolai. I have installed the iOS app and the Wallet is working correctly. About Quality , for the price I paid is OK for me, but maybe others had another expectations.
Regarding size, it's big, but it's exactly how it's stated in the product description, same that electronic features.
Also the delivery time was quite O.K. ( considering it's a Kickstarter project and the expected delivery date was October). My only complaint was the communication with the creator ( or better the no communication ). He informed beginning of August that the wallets had been shipped, and we are getting them 3 months later. In the meantime, no answers, no replies and no feedback, and when you think that your money is lost, the Wallet arrive.Nikolai Ramos on November 13
Can i ask anyone how you are using it? Is it working. And i haerd the app requires a lot of personal data.has anyone gone through it completely. Whats the out come.Nikolai Ramos on November 13
Oh snap, i just recieved mine ,talk of the devil.Nikolai Ramos on November 13
@windham wong, i see your in the uk. I still aint got mine. How is it? Is it to big, does it work, how bad is the leather and any customs charges?
Hitesh Jain on March 28
Hii,
i have not recieved my product so please share my tracking Id.Hitesh Jain on March 18
hi,
i havent recieved my product yet please update me on the status of my product delievery with tracking id.Creator RPH Engineering on March 9
Nico (Zeloslaser) we have tried to respond a few times but your Hotmail account continues to bounce back. Please call customer service to discuss at 801.383.2252 Ext 111. We have a few troubleshooting tips up our sleeve and want to get it working for you. If not, we will work on getting you a replacement. We want you to be 100% satisfied!ZelosLaser on March 8
still have the problem with the App!
unfortunately I get no answer or help. I have the support already written six timesbahar mallah on February 25
I love My quicklock... But I have a little problem.. The interior handle fell off and I have no idea how to secure it back in..Creator RPH Engineering on February 12
I will check on this for you. what was the ring size you ordered?Sean Yeo on February 11
Hi, I received my set of 10, but my package should include the ring, but I did not see the ring in the delivered box. Please help me check! My number : CJ 503 976 147 USCreator RPH Engineering on January 11
Igor...
Your tracking number is: CJ449405364US
Status says ‰ÛÒ unclaimed ‰ÛÒ sender contacted, awaiting reply
Please contact postal service on your end to claim.Igor Vasylenko on January 10
Hi, I'm from Ukraine. And I still didn't received any tracking number. What's the problem is?
Whait for the answerMark Yap on January 7
Notified November 5,2015... Arrived here in the Cebu, Philippines January 6, 2016... Will try it out this weekend. Have high hopes for it!:)Creator RPH Engineering on December 21
SEAN,
Please check email i just sent you. Or you can fill out the survey by clicking the link below. Also, we responded to you via kickstarter on 11/24 with the link as well.
https://the-quicklock-worlds-1st-bluetooth-rf-enabled-door.backerkit.com/P.J.E.I. Quaedvlieg on December 20
I got mine a few weeks ago and I'm very happy with it!
Purchased a padlock afterwards and I'm happy with that too!Sean Yeo on December 17
I have yet to receive my pledge, I did not receive any survey from ur side. Please let me know what's wrong?Donald D. Parker on December 8
Mailed Nov. 3 arrived Dec. 7 not bad from LAX to Vancouver Island.Donald D. Parker on December 3
I checked my survey and tracking on my lock. It left LAX on Nov. 2 and went halfway around the world to MtMara, Malta. It left there on Nov. 25 and got to Canada on Dec. 3 and is now somewhere in the Canadian postal system. Maybe it will arrive one of these days.Creator RPH Engineering on December 1
@JCramblit
If your handle came loose then the internal screw that holds it on probably came out due to not having locktite (Threadlock) applied correctly. Our technical team will be sending you replacement parts and video instructions to correct the issue. With a screwdriver you should be able to correct the issue in only a few minutes.Creator RPH Engineering on December 1
Jimmy, Your Doorlock will be shipping this week.Creator RPH Engineering on December 1
JCramblit - We will reach out to help you repair your doorlock within the next few days.Jimmy Cheong on December 1
I Have not received my locks....... I have completed the survey
Survey is Answered
Last confirmed on 10/22/2015
Rewards and Add-ons are Locked
Shipping Info is LockedJCramblit on November 30
My quicklock broke yesterday. The inside handle just simply broke off when I pulled the door open. The door doesn't stick or require abnormal force to open, so I'm not sure if it was a production or design failure. I can send pictures if you like. I would like a replacement or refund. I sent you a direct message yesterday, so you can reply to that message if you prefer. Thanks!Creator RPH Engineering on November 24
Sean, you have not received your yet because you never took the survey to gather address info etc. Please visit the link below and answer survey and we will get your order processing.
https://the-quicklock-worlds-1st-bluetooth-rf-enabled-door.backerkit.com/Sean Yeo on November 24
I have yet to receive mine, can please help me to check?Chris Cook on November 21
Just a thought with the app and a future release - Include a 1x1 widget (Android) that would work the same as the app itself but without having to open it. i.e. press the blue connection button on the lock and the widget and it would connect and unlock without having to open the app. Would be much quicker I think.
BTW, on my app (Android on Samsung Galaxy S4) it doesn't show an option to change the auto lock time frame.ZelosLaser on November 18
@creator: thank you. Every time. Just let me a private message here on kickstarter or to my mail.Creator RPH Engineering on November 17
Zelos, We are still looking into it. We will be in touch. Whats the best number to reach you at to discuss?ZelosLaser on November 17
@creator: what about my error?Creator RPH Engineering on November 17
Mark, we are looking into doing a deadbolt version but not sure when it will be launched. I'll keep you posted.Creator RPH Engineering on November 17
Vince, tech support will call you to troubleshoot. If the issue cannot be resolved we will get you out a replacement.Vince on November 17
I did notice a problem with my lock. Happen twice already... Sometime it won't even lock even if I use the key or the button switch... I try removing the battery, that didn't work, so I have to unplug and plug back the circuit wire to get it to work again...Mark Kimmel on November 16
Are you guys planning to work on a front door/deadbolt version? Because that would be sexy.ZelosLaser on November 16
@Eli -Thank you :) - But i got the same error :( Unlock with the tags working fineEli on November 16
@ZelosLaser - If you mess up the password. I think you can just wipe out the keys and it will wipe out the password too and your other keys. You will need to add all your keys you want back in though.ZelosLaser on November 15
I have received the quicklock. Packaging has been very good. good job.
Now I try connect the lock to the bluetooth android app.
Smartphone: Samsung Galaxy S4
method:
1. Install app
2. Insert batterie into the quicklock
3. Start app, enter username and add quicklock
4. press button on QuickLock, (Blue LED flashes)
5. Enter the password (12345678)
6. little time passes. After that, I get an error message: Please try again in 3 minutes.
also Other trys not work.
where is the problem? any idea?Creator RPH Engineering on November 13
Alan, As long as the brands you list uses ISO15693 at 13.56Mhz then yes they will work. We don't currently have any support for tags that are different. Also, the app does not currently work with Apple or Android watches. We are looking into developing this.James Parker on November 13
Haven't received mine yet. Can you let me know the tracking number?Alan on November 13
@RHP Engineering
Are you able to enable the lock to support other commonly available tags? I've a few locks using commonly available tags like desfire, mifare, etc and wouldn't want to carry additional cards just to use your lock. It's like having to carry additional keys which defeats the purpose.
I'm also using Android wear watches. Anyway to enable the lock to pair with them and use the watch to open the lock?Creator RPH Engineering on November 13
Alan, The Doorlcok will work with other 3rd party RFiD tags but must meet the following requirements: The Quicklock uses ISO15693 at 13.56Mhz for the tags and reader. These are industry standard tags, but they are not the most common type of RF chip technology available.Alan on November 13
Can we pair Android wear watches to the lock? If yes, how is it done?Eli on November 13
Great product. Wishing for some application improvements though, bluetooth needs some work. Didn't work for awhile. I had to close the app entirely and it worked.Alan on November 13
Can we use any other third party NFC cards, stickers or tokens?Bruce on November 12
Love the Lock.Installed easily.
Works great with fob and card.
Just would like the app to workBruce on November 12
Android App on my phone is installed but does not work.
When I go to open app on my phone the screen turns black.??Creator RPH Engineering on November 12
All Early bird orders have been sent. All remaining orders will be shipped by November 30th. Tal, your order has not been shipped yet.Tal on November 11
Didn't receive any mails / tracking parcel; did you sent my quicklocks ?Creator RPH Engineering on November 10
Chris and All Backers - The Doorlocks that were shipped out do not have Zwave functionality. This will be a more costly model which will cost about 30.00 to 40.00 more and will be available to purchase early December 2015.Chris Palomares on November 9
How does the z wave turn on it can't pick up on my home deviceKristoffer Vieira on November 9
Will the lock work with a deadbolt instead of the door handle?Vince on November 7
Works well with my watch: http://pasteboard.co/1XTQ2iK3.jpgNathan Hiatt on November 6
I just got mine today! Got it installed in about 15 minutes or less. Works like a champ! No problems whatsoever and it is more heavy duty than I thought! Very sturdy! I was wondering about it because I have a very curious 7 year old and our last door lock was just a cheap privacy lock that she stripped in about 1 minute ha ha. I have no worries whatsoever with this lock. I would feel confident securing my home with it! Beefy, yet stylish! Winning combination!!Creator RPH Engineering on November 6
The wireless sticker is flexible and the size is 1.75" Wide by .75" tall.
Christine Barker 5 days ago
Joe, If you could do that I would be forever grateful. Really, its the lack of communication that is the most frustrating.
I may have been one of the first to jump to being frustrated, but I felt as though I had a rather firm understanding of the situation. I don't want to hear any more "We won't do that again"'s or "We are shipping next week." I would even be happy if they didn't post about shipping until AFTER they had shipped the servers. Right now, I want updates every 3-4 days. THIS IS RIDICULOUS. I aware that some involved in this project are kids; however, KIDS IF YOU ARE READING THIS... get on your parents about posting updates. While I completely understand that you are kids and writing an update may seem like exposing yourself, your parents are creating quite a bad impression regarding this project. Nag them to post, write a post for them to edit and post... do SOMETHING, as you dont want to grow up with this kind of blemish on your record. Start your trip into the technology world with NOTHING MORE THAN SATISFIED customers. And, I think if you read through all the frustration the ONLY thing people are angry about is the lack of communication.
If I were to just get updates regularly (like I do with many of the other 7 Kickstarter and Indigogo projects I have backed) I would be completely happy.Joe 6 days ago
To anyone who may know the Cringely family (including the actually Cringely family & in-laws),
Please tell the boys to post an update to their backers.
Thank you.
PS-I'm thinking on sending my Grandma down to the Cringely house. She would give them a guilt trip so huge that daily updates would become the norm. Really. Shame. Shame. Shame.
PSS-No. I'm not trying to be funny.Laura on April 5
How's the progress? Any kind of update would appreciated!Roger Sinasohn on April 4
@10joey10 -- If someone wants to fool around building a minecraft server, that's one thing. I've got plenty of personal projects I started and then sort of abandoned; they're waiting for that day when I have more free time (and perhaps a renewed interest.) That's all well and good. Our interests change as does the availability of free time and the only ones affected when we set aside such projects is ourselves.
Once you accept money from someone else for something, however, things change. Now there is a responsibility to those people to do what you said you would do or provide the product they paid for. It is both a contractual and a moral obligation.
Kickstarter is a little unusual, it's true, in that we, the backers, are really providing the funding to get an idea off the ground and, if it works out, we will likely get something for it. With Kickstarter, the real obligation -- in my opinion -- is to try one's best to accomplish whatever it is the backers were trying to help you accomplish, whether that's create a product, produce a work of art, or whatever. In addition, there is an explicit obligation to make the backers a part of that process through updates and comments and such.
That's what hasn't happened here. For me, as one who earns a pretty good living, the $100 or whatever I put in to this isn't significant. It's enough that my wife would be upset if she knew I had put that much in to the project and got nothing for it, but it's a small enough amount that she probably didn't notice it on the credit card statement. But for a lot of people -- perhaps even most people in the US -- that's a significant amount of money. It's more than a day's wages at minimum wage and still half a day's earnings (before taxes) at the median household income (which may include two incomes). To put in several hours' work to earn the money for something and then not even get the courtesy of an update as to what's happening, let alone receive the actual product, is unacceptable. And I imagine, as a middle-schooler yourself, that's probably even more significant an amount to you.
So at the very least, Cringely or his kids owe the backers more communication.10joey10 on April 3
Roger, I do agree on your statement. His job is to communicate and that's wrong for him not to be with us after we payed money for a product that hasn't been delivered. The thing is I'm a middle schooler. So. Ya.Roger Sinasohn on April 3
@10joey10 -- I've got three kids and I still managed to keep up with updates for my project. I manage to get a lot of things done. If that's a problem, you don't start a project like this. And ultimately, the dad is responsible and these days, being on holiday doesn't mean you can't post an update. What makes this especially egregious is that communicating is what Cringely does for a living. That's his claim to fame. Why is it so hard for him to post something here?John H on April 2
@10joey10 You don't take over $35,000 off people if it's only a hobby, or at least, you shouldn't. Their father backed them and ultimately he's responsible. He seems to recognise that as he uses "we" throughout the last update.
I understand unforeseen problems can occur, especially with software, but promises were made and must be followed through.
They probably are wishing it was all over. Only by delivering can they achieve that.10joey10 on April 2
Ok from my point I see some pretty aggravated people. I am kind of angry as well, however he has 3 kids to take care of. His life isn't perfect and simple. My guess is they took a spring vacation. Just like me. Then they are out of home and are busy having some fun. To be honest the project seems more like a hobby. Not something they are breaking bones over. I do agree however that the boys at least could give one sentence saying what's happening. ANYTHING!! Anything would help your reputation. Just give us anything like saying "we are on vacation with family." That's it. I am also thinking this is supposed to be a fun project for you guys. But some people really want what they paid for and expect it now. Just stay posted and work hard. I'm not supper mad, because there have been terrible projects that take a year longer to ship with extremely angry backers.
Please read this.
My intentions of this are to make you think about the situation more and just don't get pissed over this its just a product.
(To backers and project creators)Roger Sinasohn on April 1
"we began to notice during testing that sometimes the servers would just disappear from the net. [...] It‰Ûªs the final bug, we‰Ûªre approaching it with planning, gusto, and plenty of Captain Crunch, and fully expect to solve this last issue and start shipping next week when the kids are off school for Spring Break."
That was two weeks ago. Sure, you said you'd have it fixed and start shipping in a week, but I figured stuff happens so let's wait two weeks. Now, I wasn't really expecting Mineservers to start shipping in a week (or two weeks) but I did have hope based on this:
"Sorry to have gone so long without an update. We won't do THAT again."
I figured that, after two weeks (when the claim was that shipping would start in one week), we would at least get an update. It didn't matter if it said "We're shipping!" or "We still haven't figured out this last bug", I was just expecting some sort of update.
From a professional communicator.
But, alas, such is not the case. I don't know what's going on in Stephens' (Cringely's) head, but presumably Mrs. Cringely and the boys all have access to the kickstarter project (or could get it somehow), so even "I'm sorry folks, but Dad has had a nervous breakdown and is lying curled up in the corner sucking his thumb and saying 'Atari was better than Commodore!' over and over again" would be something.
Look, I know it sucks to have to step up, even virtually, and say "We've screwed up, we're still not ready to go", but sometimes ya gotta do it. That's a good lesson for the boys to learn -- taking responsibility, even when it's not a good thing. I did it for my project as have plenty of others. It's definitely something I've tried to teach my kids. And, if you are open about it and keep up communication, you might even find that your backer community is a resource that's good for more than just money.
So, I'm hoping there will be an update in the very near future. Because your reputation is crumbling with every minute that passes. And I strongly suspect that you can forget about those college educations, at least from this venture.
I do, however, hope you are able to fix the bugs and get this out the door and build it into a successful business -- I'm just not betting on it anymore.Billy K on April 1
Yep. So, let me put it in words what they are thinking:
"Oh sht there was another issue! We can't tell the backers that we are at another road block! It's better to tell them we were struggling at the end rather than while it was happening!"Christine Barker on April 1
Dated March 18th... It‰Ûªs the final bug, we‰Ûªre approaching it with planning, gusto, and plenty of Captain Crunch, and fully expect to solve this last issue and START SHIPPING NEXT WEEK when the kids are off school for Spring Break.
YET.... no word about anything being shipped.Joe on March 30
Wow...1 professional technical industry analyst/journalist, 3 boys all of a capable age, 1 mom hopefully asking the same questions we are, and other family members and friends probably also asking "Hey, how's that project of yours going?"
They must be talking among themselves. How can they not talk about it? Family, friends and guests come over and see all those parts and stuff and logically must be also be asking what's up. It can't be a silent subject around the Cringely household.
...... and all we get as backers (that have paid money) is 1 update a month with promises of shipping within days that aren't kept.
wow.... just.... wow.Christine Barker on March 28
Normally 10 days between updates wouldn't make me nervous; however, I am starting to think that posts from this Kickstarter are not actually posts... they are postponers... meant to keep us quiet longer...Roger Sinasohn on March 17
I'll post this here as well as on Cringely's site:
"my three sons ran a successful Kickstarter campaign last fall" -- actually, no. A successful Kickstarter campaign involves not only the VC phase (when the project is live on KS) but also the development, production, and distribution phases as well as -- and I cannot stress this enough (and, really, you, of all people, as a professional communicator, should know this better than anyone) -- the ongoing communication with backers.
Over and above the moral imperative to keep backers updated, I'm flabbergasted that one so adept at marketing yourself would completely and utterly miss the opportunity to build your brand (as well as your boys') by abandoning the kickstarter project comment area and update functionality. It's mind-boggling, really.
Nonetheless, this is good news and I'm looking forward to getting the mineserver that was supposed to be a suprise holiday gift for my kids.Billy K on March 17
Lol Joe, I have been banned from KS for dumber things (mainly cursing out the woman on this page earlier for being a dumb bitty). I really appreciate your effort in forcing an update from the man.
I really only backed the project because my father knows I enjoy minecraft, and spoke very highly of Mr. Cringley's work. I probably would have brushed this project off as a fake if not for his name being associated with it.
Oh well. I'm stuck in it for the long run I guess.Billy K on March 17
Lol Joe, I have been banned from KS for dumber things (mainly cursing out the woman on this page earlier for being a dumb bitty). I really appreciate your effort in forcing an update from the man.
I really only backed the project because my father knows I enjoy minecraft, and spoke very highly of Mr. Cringley's work. I probably would have brushed this project off as a fake if not for his name being associated with it.
Oh well. I'm stuck in it for the long run I guess.Joe H on March 17
So I got banned from Kickstarter for a week for posting the phone number which another Joe has linked to below. Yesterday after on the 8th attempt, Mark finally answered the phone. I'm not sure if it was because I hid my caller ID, but regardless, it was a relief to finally get through to him. We spoke for 2-3 minutes and I urged him to make a weekly update. Why on earth he posted the update on his personal website, not kickstarter I cannot fathom, but hey, at least there was some communication! I understand delays and I also understand that when the project was launched they probably genuinely believed that the product was ready to ship when the had the cases. Not communicating frequently is inexcusable. Mr Cringely if you read these comments, do your son's a favour and educate them in the power of communication. :)Billy K on March 17
Mr. Cringely decides to update his website but not give us any info. http://www.cringely.com/2016/03/17/99-mineserver-the-devil-is-in-the-details/Richard Pichowsky on March 17
Quote from an article on Cringely's site today: "On the eve of their product finally shipping here‰Ûªs an update with some lessons for any complex technical project."
http://www.cringely.com/2016/03/17/99-mineserver-the-devil-is-in-the-details/
So, yeah, while this has been a textbook case of how NOT to handle communication with your customers, it looks like the wait might be just about over.Joe on March 15
I just sent Mr Cringely an email and I left a voice mail for him at the phone number on his web site (http://www.cringely.com/bout-bob/). That number does not receive texts. I will also send a fax to the number also listed on his web site. I may do this more than once. Futile? Maybe. Worth it. Probably not. But at least I can say I tried all due courses of communication before joining a class action.
I encourage every backer to call that number, send a fax and/or send to that email address and politely request an update for all of the Mineserver backers.
I'm really trying to be nice, but am starting to feel like a sucker. I have dropped my subscription to Mr Cringley's articles. I can't stomach another story about how bad IBM is when Mr Cringley is demonstrating poor support for his backers.Mike Jenkins on March 11
Hey guys, hope you are doing ok! If so keep plugging away and hope to hear more soon.Billy K on March 10
I agree John H. They don't remove the history of these projects either. 10 years from now when the boys turn in their resume, this will come back to haunt them.John H on March 10
The sad thing is that Mr Cringely is not only damaging his reputation but the prospects of his sons. This could come up in future job applications for them. He needs to resolve this fast, either by delivering what's been paid for, or returning all the money paid.Billy K on March 9
I got my RPi3 in the mail today. That was 2 days. I think I'll put Spigot on it and make the best of what I have :/Billy K on March 9
I sent kickstarter a message regarding what action I can file against them. I will not be robbed.Johnathan Stein on March 8
"We'll be more transparent in future." -- Jan 28 2016
Hello?Billy K on March 8
1.9 is out. Really need this to be here...Christine Barker on March 7
Let me know if anyone is able to text on the number below. I dont know if I want to leave a voicemail or actually talk to him. I feel too frustrated; however, I would be willing to text something in writing.Joe H on March 7
I should note that I would be easily placated by weekly status updates with good or bad news. But ignoring your backers like this is just disrespectful and rude.Joe H on March 7
I'm fed up.
Reading the risks section on the campaign page you stated. 'If we had cases we could start shipping tomorrow.'. Clearly, five months later we now see this was a blatant and fraudulent lie.
I'm reporting this project to Kickstarter and requesting a refund.Joe H on March 7
This is beyond a joke. Please call him and express your displeasure.Joe H on March 7
This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.Matt on March 6
So another 6 Weeks pass, still no update ! I have to assume you are no closer to delivering a product.Here's a suggestion, how about giving up on perfection & just ship what you have !
Another option is you are unable to ship is to show your backers some respect & just provide SOME kind of update ! ANYTHING would be nice !
PLEASE !Brooks Robinson on March 2
Um, Bob? Can I ask you a question? Ok, thanks! What is the status of the project? I'm jonesing for some sweet Minecraft action!Billy K on March 1
Guys, I hate to say it, but report the project to kickstarter. We need action to be taken to accelerate these updates.
Kickstarter may be next to useless, but they will force them to return our money if necessary.
This isn't some random Russia based project, this man lives in the US and can be held accountable.Chris Kirby on March 1
Any updates? Any closer?Cheryl Kwan on February 29
I hate leaving comments like this but hey!! Any updates? It's getting really frustrating and I might soon join those who'd want to take action instead of amiably sitting around to wait patiently. Cringely, you make me cringe at the thought of my money possibly being scammed. Do not scare me like this. Give us an update soon and this isn't a request, it's a demand.Billy K on February 27
I guess I'll make a comment on his blog again. Really not happy about this happening AGAIN.Michiel van den Bos on February 26
Guys, any ETA, it's very quite. If not what option is there to get the money back?Christine Barker on February 24
I believe this Kickstarter fully understands that no-one can really come after him for this project unless we start a class-action law suit or take him to court (I am speaking of the father, because I HIGHLY doubt that the kids ever thought that the project would experience so many difficulties). I don't think he has any intention of updating us any more frequently than once ever month to month and a half... AT BEST! Nor do I think he personally cares. He'll get around to this project when he feels like it. Our options are limited... yet I guarantee that he has banked the 30K. Id just like to see a breakdown of where the funds are. Has 2K been spent and the rest is profit or has 28K been spent and they are scrimping to finish the project? As a backer this is not an unreasonable request, although I fully know that it is not in the realm of possibilities. (that is, the father barely posts to us giving us hope every 5-7 weeks... I have NO part of me that thinks he would explain in detail what we are justified to know. )
Should this project fail to come to fruition please know I want in on whatever class action goes on. Anyone up to complaining to some more prevalent tech blogs? Im sure that would grab his attention...
In the mean time... Pine 64 is another Kickstarter that cost me 15.00 for a server... I could spend 80 bucks on a local high school kid putting Minecraft on it and be ahead of the game ;-)... May be time to start thinking of other avenues to pleasing our kids so that this project doesn't create so much tension.Laura on February 24
Still super excited for this! How's everything going? :)Joe on February 24
Maybe if I show by example: I just reported bad news to my sponsors for the fourth time in a row this month on a major project. Each time they were visibly miffed, but worked with me to help solve the issue(s) that were bigger than my team could effectively take responsibility for. With all that input I was able to make course corrections, and will soon report some great news to my sponsors who will be happy to have been a part (if even just keeping tabs) in the solution. Synergy, togetherness and happyness......all because I simply kept them up to date on status.
Please update us on the status of this project.......regularly. thxSkye Kilaen on February 23
I really don't understand how a professional tech communicator, who writes regularly online, is letting the communications piece of this project fail so badly. Avoiding updates unless there's good news may feel less bad for you, but further corrodes trust with your backers. Please commit to a regular update schedule, say every other Thursday?Billy K on February 20
Your last update sounded so promising that you were done with these long silences ;-; please give us some light on the status of things. Even if there is awful news.Joe on February 20
Update please! What's up? When's it coming? How's it going?Nicholas Hendley on February 17
I saw on Mojang that Minecraft 1.9 is due to be released publicly next week! Any updates on how things are going? I'm sure they'll be patching the mess out of it the first few weeks.Danielle Eadens on February 15
Can we please have an update? My children keep asking about the Minecraft server and it's frustrating to have no news to share with them.Billy K on February 11
UpdateeeeeeeTanya Leadmon on January 30
My children only ask about their "Minecraft server" once or twice a week now so I won't be giving them news of this update only to get their hopes up again. I don't want a timeline for when the product will ship (although that would be great) but a timeline for updates. A few words about progress/setbacks on a regular basis is all that I want at this point.Joe on January 29
Cheer leading mode.... reactivated.
Aurelien Chivot on June 12, 2015
Still waiting for a refundChris Gerling on April 15, 2014
Never received anything. :(Joshua Walton on March 22, 2014
I know that making things is hard and I imagine that running a kickstarter campaign is difficult. Its just a bummer to feel scammed ( ironic given the creation). I pledged and never received anything or any updates from communication from the project lead.Aurelien Chivot on March 2, 2014
Some news? Was anyone able to get in touch ?Bikesh L on November 7, 2013
Anybody else have not got their Glitch?Aurelien Chivot on October 14, 2013
I tried to get in touch with the project owner on SourceForge, with no luck. Still waiting for my delivery, or any news actually...Aurelien Chivot on September 11, 2013
If delivering the good represent too much an effort, I would rather like a full refund of my pledge. Thanks.Jonathan Tomek on August 31, 2013
There has not been a response to Aurelien and my comments. How do we get in touch with you to get our items? I even gave my info to your staff at defcon and still no word.Aurelien Chivot on August 24, 2013
ETA please !Aurelien Chivot on July 28, 2013
350$ pledge, yet nothing received yet (France). Please can you just at least aknowledge emails ? ThanksJonathan Tomek on July 18, 2013
I still have not received my glitch. Can I get confirmation that it was mailed? ($350 leve)edworthy on July 16, 2013
2+ weeks after leaving a message here and emailing I have yet to hear anything back.
So after more than 7 months of patiently putting up with this project I have a peice of junk that was Dead On Arrival, no offer of a replacement or a refund!
Really how hard is it to pull your finger out and bother to reply to a simple email???Troy Cook on July 4, 2013
Hmm, was going to try out the Glitch as I tried to read though the instructions and basically see how it works when I came across bad links. They are located at http://keymeglitch.sourceforge.net/ in reference to creating a module. So anyone have that information or where I can get ahold of it. Thanks.edworthy on July 1, 2013
...7 months late and Dead On Arrival.
1) Faulty microSD slot does not hold card. Not crushed like others, just does not allow card to click in to place so am unable to read card.
2) USB and pin components soldered askew on pic USB host. Pins bent as well which can be fixed... but why waste more time trying to remount USB plug when someone should have checked the parts going out were acceptable to begin with.
3) 3D printed case doesn't fit. Considering how rough the print is why wouldn't you check to see they actually fit the board?
Pretty disappointed that after waiting 7 months this is what I have received.
How long until you can send me a replacement???dita on June 28, 2013
Recieved mine today (Czech Rep.), thank you JP! Is it possible to upload the cover design for print?Mike Whitehead on June 28, 2013
NC here. Got mine today ($137 level).Christian Jacobsen on June 27, 2013
norway, received two days ago. haven't had chance to try it out, but seems ok. thanks.eth3real on June 23, 2013
Got mine today! Seems pretty solid, no complaints here. :)Spencer Penaloza on June 21, 2013
Recieved today, the case was a bit crunched >.< but the glitch survived intact.Eric Volpert on June 21, 2013
Received mine in PA today, extremely unsatisfied with the complexity of programming it and the design, nothing at all like what it looks like in the video or any of the pictures, I want a refund please.Sean Callaghan on June 21, 2013
NH, received mine todayKarsten on June 21, 2013
Denmark, received mine yesterday.Shawn Croswell on June 20, 2013
Charlotte, NC. Received Glitch today.Steven Glogger on June 20, 2013
Got mine in Switzerland! :)
The case is printed on a very bad 3D printer...John Holbrook on June 18, 2013
Anybody in Canada get theirs yet?Christian Jacobsen on June 18, 2013
Norway/International, still waiting. Any non-US recipients yet?Joey on June 18, 2013
NY - Have not yet received mineMike Drew on June 15, 2013
I'm in Raleigh and received my glitch today. It's awesome.Chris Dudek on June 10, 2013
received mine.Spencer Penaloza on June 7, 2013
Hoping to see the glitch soon, haven't seen anything in the mailbox as of yet. Good to hear people are getting their glitches though =)Kurt Bringsjord on June 6, 2013
got mine...some issues thoughJohn Holbrook on June 6, 2013
People are actually getting their glitches? Awesome news.Dominick Totaro on June 5, 2013
Mine came as well. Lost hope there, but he pulled through! Let the hackery begin.SomeNinja on June 5, 2013
My glitch showed up today. So there is hope.John Holbrook on June 3, 2013
Holy crap! Does that mean there's hope that we'll actually receive our Glitches?? Should we start placing bets on if/when the next communication will come out or will the hardware just myseriously be delivered with no further info from JP/Ronin?Jim Thompson on June 3, 2013
Well, a little progress. theglitch.sf.net has been updated. Click on documentation and there's stuff to download. 4 hours ago he updated the downloads section and it looks like the hardware and software are now available.
Well done that. I'm off to work but I'm looking forward to digging through this when I get home tonight.eth3real on May 30, 2013
Joey, I believe the only way to request a refund would be to message him, but that's not looking good.
Jim, totally agree with you. Even if there isn't a finished product, it would be nice to know what's going on, and awesome if he released the sources and schematics.
I backed this instead of buying the "USB Rubber Ducky" from Hak5 because I thought I would be helping the community... I guess I'll have to be pickier about what I support in the future. I didn't realize until after the campaign that he has not even backed a project in the past. Oh well...james briggs on May 30, 2013
I still haven't received product. I hope my money was used to buy something worth while because apparently I will never see anything from it. ANYONE listening out there do not fund this project. Because its a deadendJim Thompson on May 25, 2013
At this point I'd be happy if he just made the board design and software public. At least then the community could take it and run with it.Spencer Penaloza on May 22, 2013
Ya I agree with both ya guys (eth3real and joey) . thanks for an update eth3real.Joey on May 21, 2013
thanks eth3real for the update.
If he doesnt care its kind of a cheap to ruin his name for less than $30,000.
How do you request a refund?eth3real on May 20, 2013
We all tried to ask him to update more. Some of us even in person at conferences (DerbyCon, Hack3rcon, etc). He either doesn't care or isn't making progress and trying to hide it. I would request a refund, but that request would probably also go unanswered. Zero response to any possible way I can find to contact him.
5 months late for delivery, and 2 months since the last update, this project is completely and utterly hopeless. This guy is single-handedly ruining the trust I had in Kickstarter. It would be fine if he would even tell us what's going on, or if he can't deliver. Just anything, open up a line of communication.Joseph Vaughn on May 15, 2013
What's the status?Spencer Penaloza on May 15, 2013
Ya seriously John... Kickstarter started out as a good idea now its turning out to be the internet center of broken promises and shattered wallets.Evaristo Ramos on May 15, 2013
I think we all should track him down and use our own version of the glitch to see what he is up to :PJohn Holbrook on May 6, 2013
Kickstarter needs to start some sort of rating system for campaigns. Questions like: How would you rate communications from the project? Would you support another project from this same person/group? etc etcDominick Totaro on May 4, 2013
5 months late, minimal updates, the hell batman.Evaristo Ramos on March 31, 2013
were hackers we dont need no stinking updates :) jus sayinJoey on March 26, 2013
any updates?sinemad on March 20, 2013
Update would be nice...

Daniel Avila on April 6, 2015
Congratulations!
Each dollar worth it!Christopher Marcus Beiring on April 5, 2015
I am extremely happy to be a part if what your doing. I am extremely thankful to have found this project as i was struggling to dish out $2500- $5000 for a securrity certification. I will continue to support you guys in whatever way I can, anytime.David Hankins on April 4, 2015
I am honored to be able to support and assist in this progress. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to help instead of going to a paid structure. I am looking forward to what advancements come out of cybrary with this funding.tino on April 4, 2015
Congrats on making this happen, i'm proud to be one of the many people who backed this awesome project! Looking forward to bringing free Cyber education to the world!Don Jordan on April 4, 2015
Congratulations on the success. You've totally earned it!HG Kaptimer on April 3, 2015
Love the site so far. Can't wait for the mobile app!colm kenny on April 2, 2015
This is really brilliant. Fair play to everyone, including myself, for all your hard work in promoting this wonderful project :-)Maican Valentin on April 2, 2015
Congrats!! On all seriousness i felt a rush of dopamine when I saw the Woohoo email. Keep it up and we're waiting for the app ;)Ted James on March 28, 2015
This is a great project. I've learned so much from Cybrary. Wish I had $10,000 to donate. PS. Kelly H is a great instructor.Dillon Korman on March 26, 2015
Great project. Free, quality education is wonderful and is something I will always support and be appreciative of.Creator Ralph P. Sita, Jr., CPA on March 26, 2015
@ Matthew Wakim: Thanks for donating and sharing! Keep it up man. Thanks for the support.Matthew Wakim on March 26, 2015
I donated, shared on linked-in and Facebook. I really want this to be funded! Good luck guys!
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/revolutionizing-cyber-security-training-matthew-wakim‰Û_Creator Ralph P. Sita, Jr., CPA on March 21, 2015
@ Dario Goddin: thanks Dario! RalphDario Goddin on March 21, 2015
There's so much value here all ! The Cybrary team has worked hard to create these amazing training sessions for those of us in the IT security field. 13 days left, if you haven't done so already, check out Cybrary's website.Creator Ralph P. Sita, Jr., CPA on March 17, 2015
Thank you all for the support....let's keep up the momentum!.....RalphThiago Palmeira de Carvalho on March 17, 2015
Come on guys! 17 days! Tweet, mail and publish the crap out of it!
Let's do it!unbargo on March 5, 2015
This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.
stephen Parker on December 8
I tried mine. It worked perfectly.dongDV on December 8
are these email working? support@myprintusb.com and support@myprintwifi.com i have not received mine yet. Any news?Rhonda Rains on November 28
Can we get an update on shipping for those of us still waiting?dongDV on November 13
any update on my item?dongDV on October 13, 2015
still waiting for mine to arrive.... tsk tsk tskLawrence Ku on September 29, 2015
Couldn't find the app on the Google Play Store...Philippe billaud on September 15, 2015
Just received mine. Tried it on a Xerox laser color printer. Easy to use, same printing options than with my I Mac, same rÌ©sult: Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks for doing it!!Creator ImageTech Corporation on September 13, 2015
For support questions or issues regarding either the 'printusb' or 'printwifi' products, please send email to support@myprintusb.com and support@myprintwifi.com respectively. You can help resolve issues better by including detailed descriptions and/or questions!Raquel Wong on September 12, 2015
I was excited when I received this product and tried it on several printers but unfortunately it didn't work on any. It says printing but nothing comes out. So disappointed! Can I return this for a refund?David Chin Shong on September 8, 2015
Mine arrived today - I so wanted to love this product. I want to be as fair as possible as I think the potential is huge. I tried to connect to two printers I have at home, a canon mx 476 and an epson workforce 100. Neither were on the list. I picked one of the other options hoping the driver would work and it printed but the results were not good. I really hope this is a software correctable problem and in time this will be more than just a paperweight. I suspect if it had the drivers it would have worked well as everything else seemed flawless. It just is a little bit of a problem if the main reason for it's existence is printer accessibility and so far 2 out of 2 printers haven't been compatible.David Chin Shong on September 1, 2015
hard to believe no one who has received theirs' has anything to say about them.Ronald Robles Osorio on August 28, 2015
Will there be any way for us to know the shipment status?David Chin Shong on August 26, 2015
any comments from those that received theirs?Mike and Tamara Primeaux on August 21, 2015
Mine arrived today! Can't wait to try it out. Will update later.Raquel Wong on August 20, 2015
Got mine today! Hoping for the best •À_Sheryl Harm on August 13, 2015
Sent in my survey on the 28th of July. thought the product was ready to ship. Anxious to use it.Philippe billaud on August 1, 2015
Any News? Even bad, or just on holidays?Joan T. Masters on July 22, 2015
In your last update you said your tech problems were fixed and you were ready to ship. Can you update us on your issues and/or success since that time? Have any of the print Wifi's been shipped??Josh spence on July 22, 2015
Any word on how close you guys are? Your last update was a little over 20 days agoJoan T. Masters on June 30, 2015
Thank you for your update! I'm so excited to see the printWifi undergoing tests and getting a peek at the board. I look forward to receiving my finished product when it arrives!Creator ImageTech Corporation on June 28, 2015
iOS 8 was a significant departure from previous file functionality. Our App was not the only product to require changes. It is not expected to see additional changes in the part of the iOS. However, the printView App, printWiFi and printUSB can perform firmware updates through mobile devices' Internet connection. So in the unlikely event a change is required it can be easily made via the built in App and Firmware update process.Me on June 28, 2015
If an update in iOS 8 has caused delays what will it continue to work when iOS 9 is launched in the fall?Daniel Arevalo on June 24, 2015
@Creator. Please indulge us in your "techie talk". I find no adversity, in myself or by the backer group, against learning about the processes, progress and obstacles involved in the product we've supported and have eagerly awaited regardless of the complexity or the minutia.
Not including the original expected kickstarted delivery schedule, this has been the second time delivery has been promised in one to two weeks. It is also the second time this timeframe you have willfully communicated has been over extended. This reason coupled with an inability to post timely updates and photos is why many questions are being raised.
Updates are greatly appreciated and will mitigate, possibly even appease, legitimate concerns caused by the lack of communication. This will also help avoid misconstruing late deliveries caused by thorough due diligence as empty promises.
How long will it realistically take to update, debug, deploy and deliver?
Can we depend on you for timely updates between now and then?
Please be as techie as you'd like in your responses.Joan T. Masters on June 23, 2015
I'm glad to see an update Dr., however I too am disturbed that you can't find anyone to help you with the posting of pictures and videos especially when I see the rather extraordinary depth and quality of the website you've already set up but which doesn't mention, at any point, this project's Kickstarter origin. That is considered a bit..presumptuous? Also your lack of mention of your website which I googled just out of habit, is surprising. I still hope, or perhaps pray is a better word, that I will receive this exciting piece of technology, but as I'm an atheist this isn't totally reassuring. Please make me a believer.Creator ImageTech Corporation on June 19, 2015
To all of our supporters: I know everyone is frustrated and we share in that frustration. We have built all of your units and we are in the process of updating the firmware. The testing has revealed a few bugs that needed to be fixed. Also, Apple had upgraded the iOS Operating Software and we had to upgrade our software to be compatible. I know it's a lot of "tecky talk" but we are real and we do take our responsibility seriously. We are professionals in building and testing products and we want to make sure you get the best product. I appreciate your patience. Ed SavareseJosh spence on June 18, 2015
I've given up on expecting this product. There's been a lot of bs from this "company" I'll be surprised if it even ships, working or not.David Chin Shong on June 17, 2015
bit worrying that no confirmation of address survey has been sent yetMike and Tamara Primeaux on June 10, 2015
Thank you for the update.David Chin Shong on June 8, 2015
Have the surveys been sent out yet. I have moved since backing the project.Creator ImageTech Corporation on June 8, 2015
To all of our Kickstarter supporters: We at ImageTech thank you for your support and patience. We have worked very hard and long to start to ship our product. I am glad to announce that we will be shipping this week and next. The last mile has been challenged by our need to support the latest versions of the mobile operating systems and to make sure that the hardware is tested with the latest firmware. Thanks again, The ImageTech Team.David Chin Shong on June 4, 2015
I second that
There seems to be a problem. Any update now would be very welcome!Daniel Arevalo on June 3, 2015
@creator. For a group of people that are supposed to be working on a project involving technology but can't figure out how to post updates and pictures is very troubling. Can you please provide status on he project and shipping dates.Steve Joe on May 31, 2015
@creator no update. no photo&video no delivery.Daniel Arevalo on May 22, 2015
Creator can you post an update along with photos and a timeline for delivery.
Thanks.Mike and Tamara Primeaux on May 4, 2015
@creator,
Can you please contact someone with Kickstarter so they can help you with the posting of pictures/videos of this product? Thank you and any/all updates are appreciated as we wait for this amazing product.Creator ImageTech Corporation on April 27, 2015
Hello Supporters. We visited the factory in Tijuana Mexico last week. I tried to post pictures here but was unable to do it. I'll see if I can info to post the pictures of the factory visit. The product is being short run tested this week and we should have a first production run next week, if all the tests are passed. It has been a long haul but we are confident that we will be delivering product in the next few weeks and we appreciate your patience. best regards, EdJoan T. Masters on April 27, 2015
Daniel, if you scroll down you will see a sort of "update". I, however would love to see some films of the devices in development, being produced, basically ANYTHING at this point as well as some sort of new delivery date. I admit I am concerned I've never had any creator say so little to their finders, especially when they've overshot their goal.Daniel Arevalo on April 22, 2015
Why have there not been any updates? Not a single one! What's going on guys?Joan T. Masters on April 21, 2015
Well, I'm glad that you have been aware of all the comments. I'd like to know if perhaps you could give us a "guesstimate" as to when the new delivery date will be?Creator ImageTech Corporation on April 14, 2015
Hello Supporters !! We are in contact with and we are working with the manufacturer and they are in the process of the initial production run. We want to make sure that the latest version of the software is implemented and we are able to deliver to you a quality product. We apologize for the delay but we are here working hard to get the printWiFi and printUSB products to you.
As I stated in my previous post:
"We are seeing the comments and we want to assure you that we have been working very hard to get the final printWiFi and the printUSB product through production. We have had to coordinate all of the final production materials and get the final Software submitted to the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store.
All the pieces are coming together for you to receive the ImageTech fail safe printing solution soon"!.Josh spence on April 14, 2015
I don't think they are coming....Jeremy Pillon on April 9, 2015
Could we please have an update with respect to a new anticipated delivery date?Creator ImageTech Corporation on April 1, 2015
Hello Everyone!! We are seeing the comments and we want to assure you that we have been working very hard to get the final printWiFi and the printUSB product through production. We have had to coordinate all of the final production materials and get the final Software submitted to the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store.
All the pieces are coming together for you to receive the ImageTech fail safe printing solution soon!Joan T. Masters on March 31, 2015
Oh dear. I for one am beginning to worry. Not one update in all this time? When is too long? Opinions?Daniel Arevalo on March 28, 2015
Hey guys. You've been quiet and past delivery date. What's the news?Joan T. Masters on March 23, 2015
Hi, wondering what's news?
I'm an early backer looking for an update..Josh spence on March 22, 2015
Hows it going?Creator ImageTech Corporation on March 2, 2015
Great news!! printWiFi and printUSB are now in production close to the original delivery projection. Final software is being tested with Updated printView Apps being released to Apple iTunes and Google Play Stores in the next few days. All the pieces are coming together for you to receive the ImageTech failsafe printing solution soon!Steve Joe on March 1, 2015
Hello
I haven't tracking number.
Any updates on the shipping?Marc Frappier on March 1, 2015
Any chance this can also work with windows laptops? I use a laptop most often but don't carry around printer cables or such. This would be a great printing solution for us too.
Igor Miskulin on August 16, 2015
Hi,
Any progress in figuring out in 1 year?Igor Miskulin on April 30, 2015
Hi,
I am still waiting for your feedback on my message sent more than 8 months ago:
Hi,
As I wrote you in email my SD card and USB key unfortunately do not work.
I look forward to getting your feedback soon.
Regards, IgorNathan Kotzur on January 23, 2015
Hi,
I received my odroid unit yesterday. All is working fine, however I cannot administer the box. Can you please let me know the SSH login details for the odroid?
Thank youChristine A on January 13, 2015
Got mine today, I must find some time to set it up. Thanks!Peter Eberl on December 22, 2014
@ Creator Obsidian Security Services on November 15
Hello Obsidian,
I'm still a little left alone. We now have here nearly X-mas, your last message was on the 15th of November where you stated that your trying to resolve the issue with the non-Booting devices.
Any news on that? otherwise just please get in touch w/me so that we can resolve the issue fast and finally. Worst case I'll switch the unit decision --
kindest regards
pebMax kluger on December 19, 2014
Received my reward today :), I will fire it up and see how to go'sIgor Miskulin on December 15, 2014
Hi,
I am still waiting for your feedback on my message sent 4 months ago:
Hi,
As I wrote you in email my SD card and USB key unfortunately do not work.
I look forward to getting your feedback soon.
Regards, IgorCreator Obsidian Security Services on November 20, 2014
@ John Drop it in the mail back to me and I'll send out the correct unit. Must have gotten my shipping labels mixed up. Email me at jt@obs-sec.com so I can cover the return postage.John Correira on November 20, 2014
I got a reward, just the wrong one. Disappointing.Don Thornton Jr. on November 17, 2014
what is the ssh login/password for the Odroid platform?Stephen Edward Cherry Sr. on November 17, 2014
Got my reward in mail today. Can't wait to set up...but other duties in the way! Will test later this week.
StephenSteve Gold on November 15, 2014
as mentioned previously I still have not received the YaCyPi cards.
SteveCreator Obsidian Security Services on November 15, 2014
@ Peter Eberl,
The reason we have held off on the RPi shipping and worked on the other is that we are trying to resolve why the Rev 0e model's are not booting before we mail anymore. Obviously I have no idea which exact model spec units are in the boxes that are sitting on the shelf to mail out. I know they are all Rev B, but not what hardware spec revision they are. If myself and the Arch Arm devs can't figure it out in short order I will just ship the units, and then deal with any non working units later.Peter Eberl on November 15, 2014
Thanks for the update -- so it seems you didn't yet ship the international pledges @250$ level. When can I expect to have them in the mail? planned was April, now we're getting closer to x-mas..... I'm happy that the stuff (like beaglebone etc.) shipped before the initially planned RaPi solution, but nevertheless .....
kindest regards
peterChristine A on November 6, 2014
Didn't receive anything either, updates please.Max kluger on November 6, 2014
I'm Still waiting, I have not received my reward nor a reply. We can please get a update?Max Kueng on November 3, 2014
I haven't received my rewards yet either. The address I supplied in the survey is correct (just checked). Any updates?John Correira on November 1, 2014
I have not received my reward as of yet. Can I get a status please?Stephen Edward Cherry Sr. on October 30, 2014
I still have not received my reward or been given any status update. I am wondering if anyone got a reward or am I an exception. Can I please get an update as soon as possible.Igor Miskulin on October 26, 2014
Hi,
As I wrote you in email (2 months ago and still no feedback) my SD card and USB key unfortunately do not work.
I look forward to getting your feedback soon.
Regards, IgorMax kluger on October 15, 2014
Would it be possible to get an update as I too have not received my reward?
ThanksThomas Allen on October 14, 2014
I'm still waiting for my reward and did not get an update since my last post. Please explain why haven't received our rewards and when they are coming.
Regards,
ThomasStephen Edward Cherry Sr. on October 3, 2014
I have not received my reward as of yet. Can I get a status please?Logen Kain on September 27, 2014
@OSS
Thanks for the offer, but I'm sure I can find instructions as needed. Looking forward to the images though. I was about to make an image, but it seems I'm too late. I must have done something wrong as ethernet stoped working, the sd doesn't boot, and I can't read the root partition with laptop hah. EMMC works just fine of course.Creator Obsidian Security Services on September 22, 2014
@Logen
The BBB will default to boot from the EMMC, you can change this by updating the bootloader, I did not do this for any of the units I sent out, because I had not said that I would. I didnt want to change anything from 'stock' that I hadn't informed the backers that I would do.
If you want to boot into the SD by default, I can track down the instructions for you if you'd like.
Im uploading the BBB images this week. I have temp RPi images uploaded, but until I figure out the rev000e issue I dont want to publicly release them.Logen Kain on September 22, 2014
Aparently I have to hold down a button to get it to boot with the BBB. Everything seems to be working just fine now.Logen Kain on September 22, 2014
My BeagleBone Black came in today. Unfortunately the sd card seems to freeze the unit , but that's ok. Once they release the images I'll just reflash the sd card. Until then there are plenty of other things I can play with.John Correira on September 19, 2014
I have yet to receive my reward and I don't live all that far from you. Any updates?Robert Frisbie on September 12, 2014
When/where will we be able to download the images?Stephen Edward Cherry Sr. on September 11, 2014
Still have not recieved my reward. Can you please give me an update?Skip Lancaster on September 6, 2014
Please provide an update as to my shipping status. I pledged for The Ultimate YaCy. I‰Ûªve tried email and messaging with no response for weeks. I would really appreciate a response.T F Taranto on September 6, 2014
Still haven't received my unit. Where is our updates?Thomas Allen on September 4, 2014
Hello,
I'm a Canadian still waiing for my reward to arrive, have they all shipped? When can I expect to see my reward up here?
Regards,
ThomasGiligainIsland on August 29, 2014
Neat! Package arrived intact from what I can tell with contents. Looks promising.
@Creator thank you for explaining the backer numbers...I knew there must have been a logical explanation.Igor Miskulin on August 23, 2014
Hi,
As I wrote you in email my SD card and USB key unfortunately do not work.
I look forward to getting your feedback soon.
Regards, IgorCreator Obsidian Security Services on August 22, 2014
@GiligainIsland
The reason your backer number is higher is that previous backers cancelled their backing during the campaign. If someone was backer 225 (for example) and then later backed out of their support, the person who was backer 226 would still be 226, but for rewards there would only be 225 rewards even though that backer was 226.
Make sense? It confused me at first as well.
So far 82 rewards have been shipped, if plans go properly another 33 will be sent out tomorrow.GiligainIsland on August 22, 2014
Interesting that I'm backer #251 when only 226 show up on the total count.
If rewards are shipping, has anybody received theirs yet?Creator Obsidian Security Services on July 27, 2014
@Scott
Rewards are still shipping, you're should arrive by the end of August.Scott Soltis on July 17, 2014
So, have the rewards shipped or not? The last update was over a month ago and I'm still awaiting shipment from inside the US. Heck, I'll take it with extra postage due at this point if it will help move things along.Creator Obsidian Security Services on June 16, 2014
@ Tom Conder
I dont understand why that would have happened, because I had all the envelopes weighed at the post office to figure out how much postage would have been. All of the envelopes contained the same things, and all were within a 1/10th of an ounce of each other.
I contacted the Post Master at my local Post Office, and he asked me to obtain a copy of the receipt from where they required you to pay additional postage. According to what I was told today, the receiving post office is not supposed to be determining the rate, that's done at the sending office, and if a letter,parcel,package does not have enough, it is rejected before even being sent to the regional Post Office Distribution Center. In fact he said that USPS does not offer COD services, so the receiver should never be asked to cover any cost at all.
If you could forward that to me via a picture or whatever, that'd be great. I'll pass it along to him so he can do whatever it is he wants to do about it. Also, let me know a paypal account or something, and I'll compensate you the additional postage you were required to pay.
You can email me direct at jt @ obs-sec.comTom Conder on June 16, 2014
I'm very disappointed. My KS reward arrived with $1.32 postage due.Stephen Edward Cherry Sr. on May 16, 2014
I am sorry I have not kept up on your status. When can I expect delivery?Robert Frisbie on May 13, 2014
I was wondering if it would be possible to do searches and crawling on a Banana Pi? It has twice the amount of RAM and a much faster processor.T F Taranto on March 19, 2014
Thanks for shipment info collection! I appreciate your stern commitment to your clients. Keep on, my friend!Creator Obsidian Security Services on February 28, 2014
@ Fritz
While I appreciate your offer, I think the best option in this case is to just wait the time and go from there. Most people have already been charged by Amazon, so trying to have them pay me direct is just asking for there to be a mixup at some point. Also it means that neither me nor the individual would have any protection if something did happen.
I am rather disappointed in how Amazon apparently runs their payment side of things. I've been doing some googling, and I see that what I'm dealing with is not as bad as what others have experienced. It does feel like shady business practice to effectively hold funds for what could be up to a month (2~3 weeks for processing incoming payments + 1 week to process outgoing payments)... but that's how it works for Kickstarter projects. In todays hyper connected world, payments and financial transactions should NEVER take that kind of time. If you take the funds from my campaign as an example and extrapolate that across hundreds of successful kickstarters plus all the amazon stores... they're making a ton of money on interest alone just holding onto the money for a couple extra weeks here and there. I guess its business as usual at this level.
http://q5sys.info/kickstarter/amazonpayments.png -- Disburable Balance is the amount of money I have available to retreive. It's negative becuase I have 0$ available minus all the amazon/kickstarter fees that have been processed so far.Fritz Meyer on February 28, 2014
I would like to say it' ashame for Amazon, if things are the way you are telling.
For me I can say I would like to give my money directly to you asap.
Isn't it possible to start a campaign against Amazon??
Who of the backers would be with me (and many others I think)?
Fritz Meyer, Germany (fritz.meyer@fm-e.de).Creator Obsidian Security Services on February 17, 2014
@ Christopher
The last update primarly is about the Odroid3 unit. This unit has the computing power along with the ram necessary to be able to do both searching and crawling in a single unit. The RPi and the BBB do not, hence why two units are necessary if you desire to do both.
With the Odroid3, you only need the single unit.
For size comparison between the Odroid3, BBB, and RPi check out: http://imgur.com/a/QyjPNChristopher Currie on February 17, 2014
Hi could you explain the latest update. Does it combine both searching and crawling?Creator Obsidian Security Services on February 17, 2014
@Daniel
Depends on what you mean... if you mean booting from USB, i dont believe so. We did however add a USB index storage option as the highest BBB level, just like we had for our RPi levels. If you look down in the comments 'vimja' had asked us about that, but we wanted to test it first before offering it.
You should get an email soon with the update.Daniel on February 17, 2014
@Obsidian Security Services there isn't a USB option for the BBB is there?
Tasha Turner Lennhoff on December 21, 2014
Any word on how the project is coming along?
jimmyjingtan on March 28
It does'nt make any difference with the charging,it just sucks!Creator Andy & Rich on February 17
@[Tong Sing] Please check your email or kickstarter messages. Our previous shipment (several months ago) to you couldn't be delivered as the shipper requires a phone number -- and you never responded to our email asking for phone #. Please provide your phone # so we can arrange the delivery.Tong Sing on February 6
When will i received my fast charge?Creator Andy & Rich on February 2
@[Nathaniel Long] sounds like you received a defective one, please contact support@meenova.com with your current mailing address (and the order number that we sent you), so we can arrange for a replacement. Thanks.Nathaniel Long on January 21
I backed this project and received my cable but I'm very disappointed in the product. It charges much slower than any other cable I have, including mostly broken ones. I'm not sure if I recieved a broken one or it just doesn't work but I was very disappointed.John H. Halpern, M.D. on January 17
I just want to say thanks guys for a great product. My cable works perfectly and it really is holding up well.Creator Andy & Rich on January 15
@[David Mejias Honrado] Sorry that you haven't received it yet -- tracking doesn't show any progress since November, we are sending you another one.David Mejias Honrado on January 12
Hello, I have not received mine, I have long waiting , can you help ? dmh619@gmail.comCreator Andy & Rich on January 7
@[Pedro Oliveira] Tracking shows it was delivered on Nov 4th:
http://www1.17track.net/en/track‰Û_Pedro Oliveira on January 4
Please, refund!
Never got mine :(Creator Andy & Rich on December 18
@[Doug Bailey] somehow USPS last processed it on Oct 13th, nothing since, will send you another one.
https://tools.usps.com/go/TrackConfirmAction.action‰Û_Doug Bailey on December 18
I've not received my backer's reward. Can you please verify that it was sent to me? Thanks.A.C. on December 11
Just received my cable and adapter. Charging current is hit and miss with the cable; 460mA output from a computer USB port gets upped to 900mA but 1900mA output from a charger gets turned into 1725mA. The adapter doesn't seem to do anything no matter what I plug it into. The current stays the same as without the adapter.Creator Andy & Rich on December 10
@[Sean McInally] online at:
meenova.comCreator Andy & Rich on December 10
@[Evan] Got your email to support@meenova.com, we will fix it for you. Thanks.Evan on December 9
Not sure whats going on, my cables charging but so slowly that it charges like 1% in 10-20 minutes. It just started doing it no matter what i plug it in.Creator Andy & Rich on December 9
@[Saum] Please contact support@meenova.com, we will fix it for you. Thanks.Sean McInally on December 8
I love my cables, where can I buy more?JÌürgen te Giffel on December 7
received Wednesday December 2 in the NetherlandsAzael Berlanga on December 6
never got mine :(Saum on December 5
Dang guys, I got sent the wrong product. MicroUSB and I needed Lightning...Paul Voorend on December 4
Got mine in NZ.. works well thanks :)Michal Kociak on December 3
Received in Australia. Working well and looking good. Thanks!Gabriel Lamon on December 3
I've been delivered , to be testedGabriel Lamon on December 3
I've been delivered , to be testedPaul Lowing on December 2
Received mine and it works well.Scott Willy on December 1
FWIW, My reward arrived in France in this morning's post. The tracker was updated starting 5 days ago when the package finally left Hong Kong.Creator Andy & Rich on November 28
@[Sven Nitschke] yours was shipped last Friday, tracking:
http://www.17track.net/en/result/post.shtml‰Û_Sven Nitschke on November 25
Sorry, but I have not received tracking mail in germany.Creator Andy & Rich on November 24
@[Dasmond Ke] notification email of your reward shipment was sent to you in early October, tracking:
http://www.17track.net/en/result/post.shtml‰Û_Dasmond Ke on November 22
This have been a disappointed kickstarter start up. i have not received any news or tracking ever since this last email. we have supported base on trust but it seem that you have not given us your full attention on this.kevin white on November 19
...another 15 day since my last comment....and S T I L L nothing......yet these folks want you to fund their NEXT project in spite of the cluster f@ck THIS one has been.....
right...........Creator Andy & Rich on November 19
The 2nd batch of production has completed. Shipping to the remaining international backers should finish within 2 days. Inventory is on its way to the US, shipping to US backers will be done next Monday, or even this Friday if we get lucky.
For those international backer who already received a tracking number, we have contacted our logistics partner to see if the tracking numbers are still valid, or new tracking numbers will be issued.
Will post an update once all shipping is done. Thank you all.Michal Kociak on November 17
Still waiting in AustraliaMatt Z on November 16
@Andy & Rich Is the second batch being sent out within this week? I still have not gotten my cable yet.mobile-reviews.de on November 16
Did not receive anything by now, although it should have been send on the 8th october (which it does not have).Stephen French on November 12
Received adapter not the cable.JOSE ANTONIO MONTAÌÔA VAZQUEZ on November 6
hello friend I have not received anything or follow throughJOSE ANTONIO MONTAÌÔA VAZQUEZ on November 6
hello friend I have not received anything or trackingJOSE ANTONIO MONTAÌÔA VAZQUEZ on November 6
hello friend I have not received anything or trackingJOSE ANTONIO MONTAÌÔA VAZQUEZ on November 6
hello friend I have not received anything or trackingPaul Voorend on November 6
Thanks for the update, and the reply to my previous comment. I have no problem in waiting, I just found it very disconcerting when there was a notification of shipment, but no information available.
Your update explains it though.. thanks!Creator Andy & Rich on November 6
BTW, if you have any questions or issues, you may contact support@meenova.com.Creator Andy & Rich on November 6
As explained in an earlier comment, shipping to some backers are delayed. An update has been posted. We plead for a little bit more patience of yours.Matthew Searle on November 5
Shipping email received October 8th, but the tracking number says item can't be found.
:(Sean O 'REILLY on November 5
I'd also like to add my name to the list of people affected by the non-receipt of items from this kickstarter campaign. I would have expected some response from the organizers by now regarding the undelivered items.Patrick on November 5
This was yet another scam. Don't be wasting time waiting on them. Get them reported. Two fucking wankerskevin white on November 4
i have yet to receive any shipping conformation.....STILL waiting.........Dale Chao on November 4
I'd like to add my name to the list of those who haven't received shipping confirmation yet.Matt Z on November 4
Do you know when the next batch of cables will be sent out? I received my shipping confirmation back in August and I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
Garrett S McNamara on March 18, 2013
Woohoo!Creator Alejandro Caceres on March 18, 2013
Thanks for the support :)Dennis Joslin on March 18, 2013
Congrats on reaching your goal!!!!Amanda on March 12, 2013
6 days, $3,500 to go -- come on, we can do this!!
"Don't call it a comeback!"
Pierre Laporte on April 5
And hop ! Easy money ! 10 000 $ in the pocket ! :(Jerry on July 31, 2015
So there hasn't been a update or any news on the latest software update in April. It has been almost 5 months since the last update. I put a lot of money into this and all I have seen is a T-shirt.
I know you probably have school starting soon and enjoying your summer off but you have backers that took the time to believe in this project and we should be getting monthly updates on how the product is turning out and new possible features. So please update us on your progress and a timeline of milestones you plan on trying to reach.Creator Gotek Software Inc. on March 2, 2015
@ Steve MC: you can submit issues and bugs to our email at gotobrowser@gmail.com or go on our issues and feedback page on our website, which is gotobrowser.comSteve MC on March 2, 2015
Way to go fellas! I can't wait to check it out. I'm running Windows 8.1 and will try out the beta version. How should we submit issues?Creator Gotek Software Inc. on March 1, 2015
@ Jerry Livingston: Hey thanks for your help with our Kickstarter! The beta version is now out for Windows 8/7 try it at www.gotobrowser.comCreator Gotek Software Inc. on March 1, 2015
@ Pierre Laporte: haha thanks pierre. The beta is now out on our website for download.Pierre Laporte on March 1, 2015
10,013 it's just passed ! But we did it ! ;) Congratulations guys ! good job ! :)Creator Gotek Software Inc. on February 28, 2015
Haha. Thanks and trust me we will release a Mac version in the near future.Jerry on February 28, 2015
Congrats guy. Hope to see a Mac version sometime in the future.Creator Gotek Software Inc. on February 26, 2015
Hey Jerry! We did use thunderclap and paid $100 for the service, but it hasn't turned Out any results.Jerry on February 26, 2015
Hey guys don't give up on this idea. You got something great. Wish I would have seen this a lot sooner. One thing that could help you is thunderclap. It can help get your campaign out there by having the backers help promote it and then the promotion get double if not quadrupled. Check it out. I have seen this work for a couple of campaigns here recently.Ryan (deleted) on February 7, 2015
This browser is very unique, I can't wait for its Beta release!Anne Welles on February 4, 2015
This is so cool! I love the idea of the split-screen browsing!
Creator Igor Ramos on June 18, 2014
Hi @Stephanie, thanks for supporting the project. Your pledge level has no rewards, that's why you have not received it. You can now purchase RECAP at http://recapmycalls.com/shop/Stephanie Kennedy on June 18, 2014
I haven't seen mine yet. :(Creator Igor Ramos on May 21, 2014
@Nathan, @Papa and @Adrian, I'm glad to know you all received your RECAP S2 and that it's working as expected! Thanks so much for the positive feedback!Adrian J. Mayer on May 21, 2014
Wanted to let you know I received my Recap S2 late last week. Mid-May delivery for an item scheduled for July delivery. Product works as described and arrived early. Can't ask for anything more. Thanks for your great product and service.Papa_Neslo on May 15, 2014
I'm impressed. I was able to get my Recap S2 2 months ahead of schedule. WOW! I took it out of the package and tested it immediately. WORKS PERFECTLY. Now I've got a simple small tool that will let me take phones for a pod cast!
THANK YOU!Nathan "JintoLyn" Jones on May 15, 2014
Received in Ohio! One of the fastest Kickstarter reward/delivery experiences ever!Donald Kudler on May 15, 2014
Got mine. need to get a headset attached to test!Greg Greenberg on May 14, 2014
Thanks for the email Igor! Very fast response!!Greg Greenberg on May 13, 2014
Eta? I could have used this for litigation yesterday :/Creator Igor Ramos on April 29, 2014
@Marcel, That is correct. For more info check out this Mac guide: http://recapmycalls.com/faq/recap-record-to-mac/hkg on April 29, 2014
Hi Igor, nice work going on.
As I am using a MAC computer with a combined port, I could use the recap c as well to connect both to mac and ios devices is that correct?
Cheers,
MarcelCreator Igor Ramos on April 10, 2014
@Christopher Currie:
For differences between models, check out this article: http://recapmycalls.com/faq/compare/Christopher Currie on April 8, 2014
What's the difference between the S2 and the C?Creator Igor Ramos on April 8, 2014
@John Ko:
Thanks for your support and message.
That reward schedule was my best effort to balance out supply, demand, lot size, inventory and a bunch of the business aspects behind RECAP. I'm sorry it looks unfair to you. I'll take your feedback into account in future pricing of rewards and products. Remember I'm not a multi million dollar company with business analysts in staff. I'm just a one man business trying to make RECAP a real product. That's why your and all the other backers support is genuinely critical for success of the project.
Regards,John Ko on April 8, 2014
so that means
the recap C is $50 for early bird recap S2 ($55+$50=$105) but is $40 if I am regular recap S2 ($65+$40=$105)... that doesn't seem quite fair..... shouldn't recap C beCreator Igor Ramos on April 8, 2014
@John Ko:
The $105 reward is for both RECAP S2 and C.
Thanks!John Ko on April 7, 2014
I am a Early Bird backer for the RECAP S2.... anyway to add RECAP C to my existing $55 pledge?Creator Igor Ramos on April 4, 2014
Hey Donald!
I appreciate your nice words and your suggestion for a future version of RECAP using Bluetooth! I consider adding it to RECAP's product roadmap.
In regards to RECAP C, in summary RECAP C outputs audio for another iOS/Android device to record. More info can be found here: http://kck.st/1eg5c7J AND http://bit.ly/1jcOudN
Thanks for the support and forwarding the info to you acquaintances.
IgorDonald Kudler on April 4, 2014
Forgot to mention that the simple, elegant, design is great. Forwarded this Campaign to a bunch of attorneys out there who have discussed recording phone calls in the past.
Can you give me more details about the Recap C so I can decide if I want to change my Pledge?
Thanks.Donald Kudler on April 4, 2014
I'm in...but how GREAT would this be for travelers if it came with a Bluetooth solution???
/s Donald Kudler
Creator TarDisk, LLC on December 11
@ Anders, just shot you an email :). Yes, all of the windows drives are 16mm. We support the lenovo YOGA product line -- at least every US model that we were able to get our hands on. For the remaining ones, there was no way for us to tell, so we created that measuring tool. We will get this sorted :)Anders johansson on December 9
so , it doesn't fit or what? i thought you said it was for the entire lenovo line? my port is a lot twice as long as the tardisk....Creator TarDisk, LLC on December 9
Just one size -- 16mm.
There is a "ruler" you can print to measure the length of your SD port :)Anders johansson on December 9
just got it, trying it on my yoga 11 s , doesn't work , is it suppose to go 5 inside the port? where there different sizes?Creator TarDisk, LLC on December 8
@kwao, 119 on a windows computer looks about right :) After formatting of the TarDisk and the estimates that are made by the os, your tardisk is operating correctly. If you google for "119gb" you will see that others have had this exact question regarding 128gb drives :)Kwao Ahelegbe on December 7
So, I was suppose to get a 128gig Tardisk. I got a Tardisk in the mail today and I plug it in without using metal tools;Disk pops up in my folder window, I check its properties and it says "used space 9.25MB" and "Free space 119gig".
Is there some computer math I am not aware of, or was I just not mailed a 128gig Tardisk?Erich on November 30
Issue Resolved thanksErich on November 30
So I clicked on the link, selected 64GB and its sold out. I am a paid backerCreator TarDisk, LLC on November 25
Kickstarter funds were transferred today and should be in our account on Monday!
We will also have an update for how to order your TarDisk!
About 1/2 the TarDisk have finished being manufactured. Everything is on time!Creator TarDisk, LLC on November 24
Hey Guys, just a quick update (More to be posted in an official update soon). We are super excited to show you what we have built! Kickstarter mandates "a 14-day window for collecting and processing pledges", so we are just waiting for the funds to clear, and then we are ready to go! Happy thanks giving everyone!Creator TarDisk, LLC on November 16
Sure, if you have a 16mm SD port.
There is a link to a "printable" ruler on the kickstarter page :)Erich on November 15
Will it work on a Chromebook?Creator TarDisk, LLC on November 11
2 hours to go!!!
Get excited -- If everything goes well, our first chassis get cut on Friday!Creator TarDisk, LLC on November 10
18 Hours to go!! Can't wait to start shipping!Creator TarDisk, LLC on November 5
Horrray!!! WE ARE FUNDED!!!
Stretch Goals in the update section :)Kwao Ahelegbe on November 4
SUCCESS!Mike Kheir on October 24
For some reason my blog got deleted. Here it is: http://www.cnet.com/forums/discussions/tardisk-1/‰Û_Mike Kheir on October 24
Blogger special.
Posted on CNET blog:
http://www.cnet.com/forums/discussions/tardisk/‰Û_
So excited for this!
Scott Kinnaird on September 4, 2015
Congratulations!
Creator 3DKitbash on February 13
Sean, man! Bummer! Your monsters are going to be especially cranky when they get out of quarantine...be careful when you print them!Sean Hunter on February 13
My printer is down, I cant print my monster. This sucks.Sean Hunter on January 1
How is the designing going?brandon fernandez on November 28
Thank youCreator 3DKitbash on November 25
Hi Brandon, we are looking to have all of the add-on models (Quin, RukiBot, Boon...) sent to all backers by Monday (Nov 30), and the monsters will be mid to late December. We'll have them out asap. Development pics will start to circulate soon. Will be fun to get these guys out and into the world. ~Qbrandon fernandez on November 25
When do you think that the monsters will be sentCreator 3DKitbash on October 30
Final mailer is going out today to potential supporters! Thanks everyone for pledging support! - We're so excited to get these monsters made. ~QJerry LePore on October 30
AWESOME JOB !!!!!!!!!!!Sean Hunter on October 29
Think we will bring in another 1300 in the next 48 hours?Mark Sean Lorey on October 28
We did it!! Soon excited!!Toon Ramakers on October 27
Congratz with the succes ;)Sean Hunter on October 27
Almost there.Mark Sean Lorey on October 26
I want these monsters please shareJerry LePore on October 25
LETS MAKE THIS HAPPENMark Sean Lorey on October 22
Please everyone shareMark Sean Lorey on October 21
Just shared!!!Jerry LePore on October 18
Everyone- Please share on Social Media so we can make this happen!!Creator 3DKitbash on October 16
:D Thank you, Mark. RukiBot is on http://www.3dkitbash.com/rukibot/ if you need him, but not the rest of the Quin Crew.Mark Sean Lorey on October 16
I need the bot!!Mark Sean Lorey on October 16
I like the one with wingsdrporter on September 27, 2015
Gonna need moar defense bots!!!Creator 3DKitbash on September 26, 2015
@DRPorter Thanks! We'll be getting more and more info available about the monsters as the kickstarter progresses. ...'Cause they'll be getting closer to Earth.drporter on September 26, 2015
Sweetness, but when do we get to see more monsters??? Can't wait! Best of luck to you both !
Jordan Green on July 26, 2013
Thanks for this. I have never been really big into Bitcoin, but with our business considering accepting bitcoin for our subscription services this will be really useful. I also have some plans to do some other nifty things with it. Receipt printer + PI = ideas.Shane Welker on July 24, 2013
Absolutely I have the SD card, and that makes me feel much better. As far as the other currencies, you are correct, I flip fairly quickly, but there may be a time where, say, Litecoin takes off huge and would like to eventually like to have that option to store and speculate.
Thanks for your response!Creator Chris Cassano on July 24, 2013
Hmm that's a great question. Do you have an SD card reader for your computer? I will likely release an "official" SD card image, which you can download and then put onto the SD card with software like this (it's free): http://www.runtime.org/driveimage-xml.htm
That way, if you ever break the software of your Piper somehow, you can just restore the image from the computer to the SD card, and it will be like brand new.
Also, with regards to mining multiple currencies, I could be misunderstanding you (and I apologize if I am) but it seems like you don't need Piper to really deal with other cryptocurrencies. You say this: "I chase whatever's most profitable to convert to Bitcoin", so you're going to convert it to bitcoin in the end anyway, right? I guess my question would be "do you plan on storing other cryptocurrencies long term, or are you going to immediately convert to BTC?" Personally I would think you would do immediate conversion since the alt cryptocurrencies are very volatile, but I could certainly be missing something about your plans.Shane Welker on July 24, 2013
Well, I chase whatever's most profitable to convert to Bitcoin, so there's not a single answer to that question. Today is Bottlecaps, tomorrow may be feathercoin. But you bring up a point on learning new things. WIll there be a "factory reset" in case I would screw something up? I can do hardware, but command prompts frighten me.Creator Chris Cassano on July 24, 2013
Right now the software only generates bitcoin keypairs. However, I can include utilities for other cryptocurrencies as part of the software on Piper. That way, you could hook it up to a tv/monitor and a keyboard and mouse and generate keys for other cryptocurrencies.
What other cryptocurrencies would you like to see?
Also keep in mind that this is just a standard Debian Linux install, you will have full root privileges, and the software is all open source. So you could also add any cryptocurrencies that you want if you know how to use Linux, or if you're brave and like to learn new things.Shane Welker on July 24, 2013
Is this Bitcoin only, or will this work for any cryptocurrency?Little Tiger on July 24, 2013
Looking forward to using the Piper as a mining host (with a separate SD card) when I don't need a new paper wallet!Creator Chris Cassano on July 18, 2013
I do think Piper could be a good tool for a beginner, and I fully agree that bitcoins can be unintuitive. Part of my goal when designing Piper was to make it really easy to use so that anybody, even new users, can keep their bitcoins just as safe as the "pros".
I hadn't thought about a tutorial for new bitcoiners, but I think it's a great idea. I was planning to ship Piper with basic instructions on how to use it, but those were going to be for someone who already knows a lot about bitcoin. So maybe I'll create a web page to go with the instructions that have more in-depth explanations of what all the terms mean and stuff for new bitcoiners.
Thanks for the great idea!Quixote on July 14, 2013
Thank you for your response! Truth be told, I've been looking into bitcoins for a long time, and I love the concept, but I find the system behind them to be really unintuitive. Do you think the Piper could be a good tool for a beginner, and will you provide any sort of tutorial to introductory-level consumers?Quixote on July 14, 2013
Thank you for your response! Truth be told, I've been looking into bitcoins for a long time, and I love the concept, but I find the system behind them to be really unintuitive. Do you think the Piper could be a good tool for a beginner, and will you provide any sort of tutorial to introductory-level consumers?Creator Chris Cassano on July 10, 2013
Just realized I didn't answer your second question, of what sort of performance is gained with the extra RAM.
It really comes down to what you plan to do with Piper. The extra RAM will only be beneficial when you plug a keyboard, mouse, and monitor/TV into Piper and essentially use it as a computer. Specifically, the extra RAM would allow you to run more programs on Piper simultaneously. If your primary use case will be plugging a keyboard, mouse, and monitor/TV into Piper, then you will most likely notice a difference between Model A and Model B.Creator Chris Cassano on July 10, 2013
This is a really great question and I'm going to add it to the FAQ right now.
Piper is powered by a Raspberry Pi, and there are two models of Raspberry Pi, Model A and Model B. Model A has 256MB of RAM and Model B has 512MB of RAM. So therefore Piper Model A has 256MB of RAM and Piper Model B has 512MB of RAM.
You can Google the Raspberry Pi to see it's other specs, and I may add them to the FAQ as well. I believe the CPU is a 700Mhz ARM SoC with a PowerVR GPU, but I could be remembering it wrong.Quixote on July 10, 2013
Hey! This project looks really promising, but I have a couple of questions. The Piper B mentions that it has double the RAM of Piper A--how much RAM does Piper A have and what sort of performance is gained from the extra RAM?
Laurent HUSSON on July 24, 2014
Just a quick word to say that I've received my perk today (in France).
Thanks a lot Max and Duane for this great job (and especially to Duane for the "American" bonus ;-) )sejtam on May 28, 2014
Will this work with the Arduino Duemilanove?Tony B on May 27, 2014
Since it's fun to different, I'm planning on using mine with the Arduino Shield To BeagleBone Black Cape and the ST Nucleo F401 and just maybe with my SeeeduinoCreator Max & Duane Galactic Enterprises on May 20, 2014
Thanks! I think it's pretty awesome too.Chris Arnesen on May 19, 2014
Congrats on reaching your fundraising goal! It's pretty awesome supporting a project very close to where I live. :-)
Alan Forbes on January 13
@Mike I'm sure you can order it on Amazon.co.uk and have it a few days later. @Carey when are you launching another Kickstarter campaign? You know how to do it now :)Mike Cowles on December 8, 2014
There are a couple of light SciFi kindle book on Amazon (Reality 36 & Omega Point), in which the Great Wall of China is an actual Firewall designed to keep out A.I. constructs, perhaps you could riff on that theme?Mike Cowles on August 11, 2014
For your distant cousins that live outside of the U.S. is there any chance of paying extra (Paypal mayhap?) to get the Paperback delivered to the U.K.?Alan Forbes on August 8, 2014
I can't tell you how many times I've had to clean up computers for my friends and relatives. I'm looking forward to the book.Creator Carey Parker on August 8, 2014
NOTE: I had meant to say this in my rewards, and forgot. Any reward that includes a paperback copy of the book will also include a digital copy! So, for instance, you could give the book as a gift and keep the digital copy for yourself as reference!Alan Forbes on July 17, 2014
This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.Alan Forbes on July 14, 2014
This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.Alan Forbes on July 14, 2014
This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.
Frederick choo on December 20, 2014
Hi,
Is there a link where I can download the program? The one in the drive seems to be having problems after I used it once.Jenil Pandya on December 2, 2014
Just received.... Thank youFrederick choo on November 11, 2014
Any updates???Jenil Pandya on November 5, 2014
Any News?.... Its November..any Update?Jenil Pandya on October 8, 2014
its 4 weeks since last update... can you please us?Jenil Pandya on September 11, 2014
do you have any updates on product?Creator Web Armory on August 16, 2014
Aloha Robert,
Unfortunately, there is not "one perfect" fix or browser for total online security. That's why I made an "Armory" of options, so you have different "Weapons"-Secure and Private browsers to defend yourself online.

For instance, you can use Tor to get lost online or visit Onion addresses; but you would never do "Online Banking" with it-because you can never trust the end relay are not monitoring you. :/
So the different browsers all have their strengths in certain area. So if some of the main browsers in Web Armory are "Too" restrictive, I also configured a Standard Google Chrome Browser-with the back end adjusted.This way you can always check e-mail, watch videos, browse, ect., all on a correctly configured Google Chrome browsers-without giving Google too much of your personal information. :)
As for the Browsers, they have been all independent researched by security experts-you will get the links, to everything about each individual browser, their programmers, etc., in the included PDF, as a backer. :)
As a note. I made Web Armory to give to my Family, Friends, co-workers to protect them while online and give them better options, when online. It was just a personal project, never meant to go public. :)
So having said that, Web Armory has never been reviewed(but the individual programs have-which I have permission to use from their programmers). But also its a brand New idea(4 months old) on personal online security and privacy. So there should be nothing online about it, except the website I'm building- www.webarmory.org. :) And lastly, its just me, "No one of consequence". lol
My goal was/is to help people, not profiteer; so I never really bothered seeking media attention or online magazines. I'll let the Kickstarter backers who support me, do the talking. Trust me, once they start using it...word will spread. ;)
Thanks for the questions. :)Robert Khoe on August 16, 2014
@Creator
Why the different browsers (ok, a seperate one for TOR I understand)?
Is Web Armory somewhere reviewed? A magazine? Blog?
Has an independent security expert evaluated Web Armory?

Creator David Johnson and Jimmy Johnson on August 24, 2014
@Robert Khoe Thank you for your concerns and questions! We believe that if one encryption library is compromised then we still have two to back us up while we look for another safe library.
They will be using similar ways of encrypting data, all three will be more then secure enough for all of your files from pictures to important documents.
We plan on getting the code reviewed by an analyst and making the revisions, at some point we would like to open source the code.
Once again thank you,
The Lockin TeamRobert Khoe on August 23, 2014
@Creator
Other than this in the FAQ, I don't see much information about how you actually protect the data:
"We are using SSL to secure your data during transport and then using a randomly selected encryption library (We are using three different libraries) to encrypt your data. This way we aren't dependent on one library."
Why three encryption libraries? Are the using different types of encryption? Does that mean anything about the strength of the encryption?
Will your system reviewed by an independent security expert?
Creator Antonin on April 30, 2011
Yes, I'm open-sourcing the whole project EXCEPT for the "salt" added to the encryption mix. Basically the entire code will be available for free and for everyone except for some of the little tricks to ensure the passwords are safe.
I'm not sure what ECC is; however, I am working on implementing more encryption types.
Can you send me a message through kickstarter? Or maybe just contact me on my e-mail alexander@lonebench.com and we can talk more about this. Comments on here are hard to follow.Daniel on April 24, 2011
I have to say, I really like your "blue square and a red square."-idea! Since about two years ago, I have used passwordmaker for everything. Pin-code padlocks, the whole lot. It have mostly been a bit of a challenge to explain why or rather how, these approaches are far more resilient against attacks with pure math, compared to the database thing.
When I generate my passwords, I always through in a word at the end of the generated password and some other tricks. However, what Ive thought about on and of, is if one could use some kind of imagery. As objects and/or the proportion between to objects. The last idea I got the other day, when I was reading about GnuPG. Thats when I saw the term "Elliptic curve cryptography (ECC)". I still don't really know ECC is about, but it got me thinking.
I think you are on to something here, I mean it have to be possible to let any random user, get what he/she want by just point & click and thats that. Oh, hey btw. Is this going to be FOSS? Sorry for the wall of text. ;)Creator Antonin on April 21, 2011
Thanks!
I've already been considering some more options for the idea.
First: the sentence idea is great, I haven't thought of that. It'd be easier to remember and add more security (less prone to dictionary attack etc.).
Second: I've also been considering replacing "MD5" and "SHA-1" with something like a blue square and a red square. So instead of having a password: hello with md5, you'll have hello blue square. More ambiguous as to which algorithm is used and with the addition of more algorithms, it'll be even more secure.
Third: In one of my videos, i tested the password strength through an app online. I never considered adding such a feature to the site. Thanks!Creator Antonin on April 21, 2011
Thanks!
I've already been considering some more options for the idea.
First: the sentence idea is great, I haven't thought of that. It'd be easier to remember and add more security (less prone to dictionary attack etc.).
Second: I've also been considering replacing "MD5" and "SHA-1" with something like a blue square and a red square. So instead of having a password: hello with md5, you'll have hello blue square. More ambiguous as to which algorithm is used and with the addition of more algorithms, it'll be even more secure.
Third: In one of my videos, i tested the password strength through an app online. I never considered adding such a feature to the site. Thanks!Jack Kern on April 16, 2011
Sounds good. Perhaps you could consider adding the capability for users to enter a word or two that means something to them, and you generate a nonsensical sentence length pass-phrase for them to memorize -- a sort of wizard for creating more secure passwords that are easier to remember?
This looks like a decent resource on pass-phrase security strength:
http://www.iusmentis.com/security/passphrasefaq/strength/
It even shows an easy method to calculate pass-phrase security strength so you could provide feedback to users on how secure their chosen pass-phrase is. It's just important to remember that adding the hash alone doesn't improve security on it's own, it always comes down to the actual input from the user as the hash just obscures the input.
Good luck with your project man! =)
JackCreator Antonin on April 16, 2011
Of course, this isn't a full-proof method. Hackers will always be able to circumvent the craziest of securities. That's why I'm starting this project, however. To go forward. It starts with an MD5 hash and a SHA-1 hash, those will ensure that the password is no longer a dictionary word with a random number but a hash.
I plan to create my own hash, or mix up hashes together and get better, more complicated results. What if you MD5 hash a simple word like "Hello" and then SHA-1 over it? You come up with a password that will not show up in any rainbow table :)Jack Kern on April 14, 2011
First I want to say I can see the merit, and I think you've come up with a good idea here, but I'm curious about the implementation.
I think it would work if people use the tool to be able to save longer phrases that hash down to a small password, that would work as the space of possible options would likely be greater than a short password, but what if this makes people think they can revert back to using short words from the dictionary instead of at least a phrase. Couldn't a hacker just process simple dictionaries to get potential hashes that would likely match?Creator Antonin on February 20, 2011
- yes, I realize that MD5 is a cryptographic hash function, and not an "encryption" method in itself; however, for the purposes of this project, it is easier to say that a word/phrase was "encrypted" rather than "hashed" (doesn't sound right.
- "by no means safe", maybe according to you, but according to the generally used passwords by the public, it is much safer than "hello123" or birthdate, and other passwords people use. SimpleSafe also utilizes such an easy conversion that instead of using one the same password for all websites/accounts (as most people do), they may use several with much more ease. Also, many websites don't yet recognize other ASCII characters in passwords (such as . - , etc.) and many don't recognize the changing of case (ie. A-Z, a-z) but thank you for pointing out that MD5 is only A-F, I did not realize this before; however, again, I hope to continue this project and employ different hashing methods. MD5 and SHA-1 are starting out, I've noted the vulnerabilities.
- Good, I'm glad some do, or most these days, but they are not portable. And if they are, like you said by "syncing the database", that means that one has to install the software wherever they go. I propose to use an online app that will not store any data, will not have to be installed (but can be for convenience), and perhaps in near future I will add a javascript keyboard to overcome keylogging vulnerabilities. The app will always be in progress, becoming more secure. The only limit is my own time and knowledge (which is why I appreciate your comment)
Obscurity is important, I think. If the app launches very well, and does not become as "obscure", it will grow to have more options (hashing methods, etc.) which will continue its growth in security. As of right now, anyone who uses the app will have enhanced security (as opposed to the usual word + number passwords) and ease of access/use.
Thank you! :) And yes, I'm glad it was completely backed, I honestly did not expect that.Fabian Becker on February 19, 2011
Sorry, but:
- MD5/SHA1 are no encryption methods they are both cryptographic hash functions.
- Both output hexadecimal characters (0-9, A-F) which means that passwords generated with your tool only contain those characters. Those passwords are by no means safe.
- Password Managers _encrypt_ your passwords so they can't be retrieved by a trojan on your computer. There is e.g. KeypassX which is available on Linux/Windows/Android/iOS. Syncing the database is easy.
- Your approach is still attackable by social engineering, the only thing you introduce is obscurity. But you know as well as I do that obscurity does not imply security.
Still.. it seems you've reached your pledge goal and I wish you good luck with your project. Just wanted to give you some comments from a technical point of view.
