short-description
ICLOAK‰ã¢ Stik is a portable privacy tool that enables you to browse anonymously and securely on any Windows, Linux or Mac computer.
Simple and elegant magnetic privacy shield for iMacs, Macbooks, laptops, and desktops
Webcloak is an advanced USB stick that allows you to anonymously browse the web while protecting you from viruses and theft.
A privacy accessory for mobile phones to block all signals.
THE WORLD'S FIRST WINDOWS BASED USB PRIVACY GADGET THAT'S SIMPLE TO USE.
JackPair protects your privacy by encrypting your voice over phone calls. It works with any device through standard 3.5 mm audio jack.
The Quicklock - The World's 1st Bluetooth + RFiD Doorlock. Finally, personal security and privacy for your home or office.
EID keeps your cell phone secured even when unlocked providing privacy & allows you to share your contact info with just a tap!
Cover up that camera. Respect people's privacy. Give GlassKap to others and encourage eye-catching fun with Google Glass accessories.
myIDkey is a voice-activated, fingerprint secure Bluetooth / USB Drive that displays passwords and personal info online and on the go.
WigWag delivers a powerful, simple platform to make connected devices more manageable, secure and automatic.
A stylish alternative to bulky headphones and tangling wires. Best-in-market 6-hour battery life, with a comfy and secure fit.
Point is a smart house sitter. It listens to the sounds of your home, senses what's in the air and lets you know if anything is wrong.
The Pebblebee Honey; the most affordable, secure and feature rich Bluetooth Finder. Available at www.pebblebee.com
XY Find It is the most stylish, convenient, and affordable Bluetooth Tracking tag.
Shield protects your computers, tablets, smartphones, and other internet enabled devices from malware, exploits, and other online threats. Includes lifetime access to essential security updates.
A beautifully designed, responsive, intelligent, and secure camera and hub. The eyes, ears, and brains of your modern household.
Secure Seamless Storage. Double MacBook space by simply adding 256GB
Securely Store and Organize all Your Cards (Payment, ID, Membership, Gift cards) with Your Phone... & Easily Pay at > 90% of retailers.
Rico is the world‰Ûªs first smart-home security device that uses your spare smartphone as its brain and eyes.
Everykey replaces keys and passwords. It's sleek, secure, and can be deactivated at any time.
Easily manage ALL your accounts & passwords from a secure keychain that allows you access from all your devices!
Wearsafe: connect with the press of a wearable button, keeping you safer wherever you are and more secure in whatever you‰Ûªre doing.
ICLOAK‰ã¢ Stik is a portable privacy tool that enables you to browse anonymously and securely on any Windows, Linux or Mac computer.
Looks and feels like Twitter but built for the open web: encrypted and anonymized and decentralized; and only you hold the keys.
Webcloak is an advanced USB stick that allows you to anonymously browse the web while protecting you from viruses and theft.
Concerned about Passwords, Dropbox Security or Heartbleed? Secure USB, Encrypted storage, Emails, Games, Printer & Video Music files
JackPair protects your privacy by encrypting your voice over phone calls. It works with any device through standard 3.5 mm audio jack.
Simplify IoT development via the cloud. Plug-n-play, Arduino-compatible wireless network of sensors & controllers. Open Source. Secure.
It is a secure wallet and the first anti-theft and anti-loss wallet around the world. You will never lose it.
The Quicklock - The World's 1st Bluetooth + RFiD Doorlock. Finally, personal security and privacy for your home or office.
The Creek Wi-Fi Clock features Home Automation & Security•_ÎSmart Alarm, Baby Monitor, 2X fast charger ,Location Tracking and more.
The first Minecraft multiuser server you can buy, our $99 Mineserver‰ã¢ is faster, easier, more secure, cheaper, and managed by Mom.
Secure your smartphone in your hand without worry of drops, perfect to mount in your car or anywhere else; makes the most useful stand.
The Glitch is a reprogrammable open source hardware security/pen-testing platform.
EID keeps your cell phone secured even when unlocked providing privacy & allows you to share your contact info with just a tap!
GUARDZILLA is the first All-Weather, AC/DC-powered, Wi-Fi security camera. Monitor your world from wherever you are on your smartphone.
Fidus Store is a web application that safeguards and protects user content and data in the cloud. Supports Box, Dropbox, Google Drive.
Cybrary revolutionizes IT and Cyber Security learning by making the best training curriculum available to anyone, for free, forever.
Following the success of the first Buddhist Geeks Conference in 2011, this is a chance to support the 2012 event & secure your place!
A tough aluminum frame with threaded holes and a flexible insert to secure your iPad mini. CNET calls it a "must-have" for iPad video.
Put a printWiFi in your pocket & print securely from your iOS or Android device to an existing local printer "Wherever You Are"!
THE RiNG. Your most valuable devices now comfortably and securely in hand. A strong, slim, stylish & versatile addition to any phone.
YaCyPi will be a turnkey solution for the Raspberry Pi to turn a common ordinary Raspberry Pi (Model B) into your own search engine.
LinkedMD‰ã¢ is an application that organizes and securely stores personal health data!
Securely charge your smartphone 2x or 3x as fast. Turn your computer's USB ports and other chargers into universal high-speed chargers.
Secures your garage door by closing it for you if you forget! Even capable of integrating with your home security/automation systems!
PunkSPIDER is an open-source distributed computing project aimed at making global website security accessible to the public.
An innovation in web browsing developed by 2 teenagers with a vision to create a more secure, intuitive & better way to browse the web.
Record important phone calls directly into your computer. No fees, no 3-way call, no big brother. Simple, secure and private.
This lock is a deadbolt protecting device to prevent unwanted intruders. This promotes security and safety for you and your family.
Double your Windows laptop by adding 256GB of Secure, Seamless, Storage. A simple, tool-free upgrade.
Introducing Roomswap - a secure mobile housing community created for + by university students only. Bye, Craig - we're so much safer!!!
Designate your 3D Printer as ground zero for monster-fighting special ops, and help secure Earth!
Storing bitcoins in a paper wallet is the most secure way to keep them, but making paper wallets is a hassle. Piper makes it easy.
Quickly, easily, and securely connect your Arduino Unos, Leonardos, Dues, and Megas to the outside world.
Helping you to secure your computer and your data, using plain English, with step by step instructions.
It's a USB compilation of extremely Private & Secure internet browsers which use new Encryption protocols to protect you while online
A tracking system that lets students seamlessly check camera gear in and out of the equipment room and secures the equipment from theft
Lockin is a secure file hosting service that wants to make it easy for you to share files with the highest security standards.
SimpleSafe creates secure passwords from simpler phrases. Cross-platform makes it accessible everywhere, and easy to use.
It's a USB compilation of extremely Private & Secure internet browsers which use new Encryption protocols to protect you while online
A tracking system that lets students seamlessly check camera gear in and out of the equipment room and secures the equipment from theft
Lockin is a secure file hosting service that wants to make it easy for you to share files with the highest security standards.
SimpleSafe creates secure passwords from simpler phrases. Cross-platform makes it accessible everywhere, and easy to use.
